Session 35 
 Side Shot Two - Session 3

While the group were occupied with the room of four-armed statues, there came an Elf dashing into the room pursued by another of the corrupted winged kobold-dragons.  They immediately took up arms against the creature.

After a brief but violent battle of darkness and fire, the monster was killed and introductions made.  The Elf, Ralanon, had been another prisoner, recently escaped, part of Charlemagne’s band.  While they recovered from the conflict they continued to study the room.  Four of the five statues held out their four hands together as if they had held something in them.  The fifth held two arms above its head and two in front.  The gesture seemed religious in nature.

Ralanon discovered a secret switch hidden on the fifth statue,  Triggering it caused a column of light to appear between the columns of stone in the centre of the room.  As far as anyone could tell the light was inert yet Kingsley recognised relief on the stone columns.  They depicted ten figures, resembling the statues.  Five of the figures resembled the hooded, robed statues almost exactly, the other five were clearly representing craftsmen with visible tools.

Ralanon recognised the figures and led the group to a second room of five statues, the five workmen from the columns.  Beyond this room was a larger room, a burial chamber of five graves and five headstones with alien epitaphs.  They searched the graves for priceless Precursor artifacts, any distaste displaced by curiosity and a sense of importance. (edited)
[1:16 PM]
 
When studying the headstones to try and make any sense of the unknown language, Kingsley discovered thin tablets of the glassy material hidden within each one.  These too were full of writing, seemingly different epitaphs on each.  It seems the Squire may be fond of puzzles as his cleric was suddenly struck with inspiration.  He rushed back to the first room of statues with one of the tablets and rested it in the hands of one of the four.  The tablet fit exactly except for a pair of symbols - one on the tablet, one on the statue.  Searching the other he found a match for the tablet and pointed out the pattern to the others.

The others collected the rest of the tablets from the burial room and placed them in the hands of the corresponding statues.  As the last was placed a mirror revealed itself in the floor and redirected the column of light towards the fifth statue which slid forward, revealing a room beyond.

The room was filled with lush greenery, plants not seen in the world above for thousands of years.  And in the centre of the chamber was a single tree.  It became clear to the group that this whole elaborate system of rooms, tunnels, hot and cold water, guardians and builders, was designed for the sole purpose of preserving this tree past the end of the world.  The group spent a while in, mostly, respectful reflection, even brewing a tea from its fallen leaves.  Eventually they took their leave and continued to search for a way out to return to their mission… (edited)
[1:17 PM]
 
-----

Back above ground, somewhere in that same mountain range, Ki-Sai stirred.  His physiology uniquely suited among them to the cold, wet snow in which they found themselves.  As his wits slowly returned and the rest of the entourage began to wake, help each other and gather together, it was clear that the airship had crashed here, although he could not recall the precise details.

As they started to make plans, Kadregan’s man, Stukov, let slip a clue that they knew more about the blizzard that had, for want of a better term, attacked them.  When he was questioned to explain, Kadregan gave a nod for him to do so.

When the first demon entered the world through the first portal, it attempted to call others to it.  The second demon to enter, although powerful, was weakened by the summoning, and arrived in spirit without form.  This demon-spirit desperate to find itself a physical body, somehow possessed a snowstorm in pursuit of the powerful dragonblood enhanced body of Kadregan’s sorcerous son.  The possessed blizzard-demon haunted the royal family ever since, stalking its prey.

There were around twenty survivors of the crash and they set about constructing a sled from the wreckage in preparation to continue their journey on foot. (edited)
August 17, 2025
