Session 27 

Myran did not hesitate to ask her question of the creature.  “Where is the cure for my ailment?”

She got a sense of confusion from the creature while it searched for an appropriate response.  Finally it spoke of three beings of great power, each with the ability to grant wishes.

The first was “around the neck of a friend of a friend”.  Myran had a glimpse of a gaudily dressed figure passed out in a gambling den.  Out of the darkness she saw Caan appear behind the figure.

The second was in a cave, a dungeon.  Three statues stood on pedestals.  On one of the pedestals was a broken locket.

The third was atop a mountain.  There was a great battle. A group of adventurers fought a great beast.  There was a small ring with a necklace wrapped around it.  Above the ring hovered a creature throwing spells.

Myran had an instinctual idea where these locations were.  “Good job” she told the creature, and offered it the reflection of one of her rocks.  The creature seemed very pleased to receive the idea of Archibald the rock and promised Myran she could ask about an object in the future [free casting of Legend Lore].
[5:32 AM]
 
Hadjar had been watching the scene in the orb from over Myran’s shoulder and the creature made him the same offer of answering any question.

“Where would I find the thieves that I seek?” he asked.  And then knew that they had split up.  Some were in Vendon Estate, some were on an island south of Rhyn.

Meanwhile, Yves had been talking to Sly and Francia.  He had already offered them a job and a ship, which had softened Sly towards him somewhat.  Now he asked about her demon-summoning blood magic.  She explained that it was a mixture of illusion and something similar to the scent of her demonic heritage.  Demons were somewhat hierarchical and would follow larger demons.  Sly was somehow able to project the sense of a large demon to attract others in the vicinity.  For obvious reasons this was a dangerous thing to do and she did it only rarely.

Among the journals and other documents that Yves and Hadjar had found had been maps showing a system of tunnels through the mountains leading cultists to and from their headquarters.  The party discussed their next destination.
[5:33 AM]
 
Myran was normally relatively passive and accommodating of the party consensus on such matters but she suddenly spoke up and gave a somewhat impassioned, almost desperate pitch.  She had been studying Yves’ maps to apply the instinctual knowledge of the locations of the wish-granting items/beings.  She wanted to head north and was fully prepared to go on her own if necessary.   The group came to a compromise.  Instead of trekking across the mountain range, they would head west to Okston and from there they would travel north. This should prove quicker and safer in the long run.

Travelling west they came across one of the spires that had been sticking out of the ground, but this one had mostly collapsed.  It was a mass of leaves, twisting thorny branches and mutilated white flowers.  Rotting corpses of small animals and birds littered the ground. Thalion recognised that the flowers were poison even if he didn’t recognise the specific species.  With Thalion’s help Myran harvested 5 vials of poison from the dying spire.

They spent the night in a large natural cave that had been filled with unusually large bats which Vincent sent away.  Yves and Ki-Sai played dragonchess and the dragonborn lost two of three games, uncharacteristically distracted by thoughts of mortality and other concerns. Thalion studied some of the journals that Yves had recovered.  In them were a number of rituals to ward off the influence of Aberrants.  The irony of the risk of reading the spells that might reduce the risk of reading wasn’t lost on Thalion but the reward was too tempting and ultimately successful.
[5:33 AM]
 
Eventually they reached Okston and the ragtag band of misfits were rightfully questioned by the guards at the gate.  Between Yves credentials and Ki-Sai’s account of recovering Ro-Kai-Gan’s artifact from the bandits, the guards were persuaded to allow them entrance, although they would send letters to corroborate their stories.

Thalion and Yves sought accommodation, then Yves and Ki-Sai visited the bathhouse while Hadjar looked for passage to Karegel or Rhyn.  He also surveilled a couple of airships currently docked in town. Yves spotted one of his family’s ships in the port.

Ki-Sai had remembered the scant information that Sister Martear had given him in Harbour Town.  She had told him that a priest of The Squire could be found in Okston but no one seemed to know of their location.  He was sitting on a bench, ready to abandon his search when he was approached by an old man who started chatting with him.   The man had served as some kind of trainer during the war and spoke of both shame in not serving more actively and relief at not having to.  He credited The Squire with keeping him safe and pointed Ki-Sai towards a small, unassuming building wedged between two larger ones.  Upon the door was the symbol of a shield.

Ki-Sai knocked and was answered by an older woman.  Her hair was tied into tight buns on either side of her head and she wore a breastplate over robes.  Ki-Sai told her his story and asked if she could tell him about The Squire.  The woman displayed a range of emotion.  She seemed angry at first, almost offended.  She told Ki-Sai he had acquired power without going through the rituals, but quickly her mood softened. He had been dealt a hand of fate.  He was a victim as much as a perpetrator of a crime that he had not intended to commit.