 Session 40 

Vincent and Yves spoke with Queen Evangeline.  The queen revealed that she had known Vincent’s father.  In fact, he had attempted to kill her during an ancient war.  She and Vincent discussed his situation for some time before she turned her attention to Yves.  With his permission the queen entered his memories and focused on the vision he had received about his sister being attacked by pirates.  She offered a fleet of the king’s ships to act as a decoy against the attack.  They also learned a little more of the missing royal son who had gone to Folkstow to try and make peace with a former enemy.

Outside the queen’s magical pavilion Myran questioned Caan on the acquaintance of his that she had been shown by the cult bible’s entity.  Caan thought it was Balthazar. Ki-Sai asked what he knew about Lord Blackwood.  Caan did not know where Blackwood might be found but he confirmed a strained relationship with the Third Circle as suggested from the vision U-Sol showed him.  Once Vincent and Yves left the queen’s counsel Caan took them all to Heziik.

Their merchant friend was found within a large tent in Karegel’s merchant quarter.  The other merchants appeared to be of high standing from their clothing and general demeanour.  Holding court at the back of the tent was a seated individual with a black panther curled at his feet.  Was this the same black panther riding individual that had left Folkstow ahead of them? 

They reunited with Heziik and shared brief details for their extremely eventful journey since they left Heziik, then took the opportunity to meet some of Heziik’s colleagues and browse their wares.  One merchant was carefully showing a demon-blood blade to others while throwing regular annoyed glances toward Ki-Sai wearing a similar blade openly. (edited)
[12:26 AM]
 
After some discussion and haggling the group managed to acquire a number of items.  Yves bought a magical tome and a pair of long distance communication stones, one of which he planned to send home.  Ki-Sai bought a send pair that he put in the Many-Handed Pouch that they might use if needing to communicate with each other over a distance.  Myran found someone who could provide some kind of holding vessel for Simon and a magic cloak.

They finished with the merchants and Yves went to visit the Redharrow estate to remove the amulet he had found in the crater.  The family were so grateful to have the heirloom returned that they offered a special trade deal with Yves’ home.  They also offered a unit of soldiers to accompany the Karegel fleet that would go to incept the pirates due to attack Yves’ sister.

Finally, the group headed towards the reason they had come to Karegel in the first place.  The Wriggled Scrawl.  They followed the map to a backstreet of the commercial area of the Blue Quarter.  They found the Wriggled Scrawl among a number of specialist shops.  A broken sign laid declaring the name laid on the ground in front of what looked like an abandoned, dilapidated old dwelling.  The door was locked but an upstairs window was broken.

Yves momentarily blinked out of existence as he teleported himself into the upstairs room with the broken window.  He found himself in living quarters.  Rotten food gave Yves a sense of how long the building had been abandoned.  Sheets of paper were scattered all over the floor and signs of struggle were everywhere.  As Yves’ senses adjusted to the environment he picked up the scent of dried blood and was drawn to a wall covered in writing, scrawled in it… (edited)
