Session 18

Ki-Sai’s errand was to speak with the mountain patrols seeking any information on the cult's location.  They could not help him with that but they gave him some general tips on travel through the mountains and described a number of known routes.

Yves visited the beach with Ki-Sai’s mother and sister. After they ate he had a casual wander along the beach taking in the cultural atmosphere.  He overheard a number of conversations that stood out.  The first related to the Ro-Kai-Gan navy sending ships along the coast to Vestille, Fort Muster and Harbour Town.  The movement seemed to be connected with the rumours of the appearance of the mysterious island they overheard in Harbour Town.  The second discussion he heard was a heated exchange between a number of All Sworn.  Apparently a valuable artifact had been stolen from a dragonborn smith and the thieves had fled into the mountains.

During his wandering Yves came across Ki-Sai’s sister, Lia, looking for her brother and he took her to meet the rest of the party.  Lia and Tori became instant friends.  Later Thalion was brooding over the Aberrant’s curse preventing him being able to read and study his spellbook.  Tori tried to comfort him by telling the story of a weather wizard she had once read.  It’s unclear if this helped or not.  Hadjar found a tavern popular with soldiers and guards and basked in the atmosphere of camaraderie that he missed. Vincent slipped away for his nightly errand, whatever it might be…
[6:34 AM]
 
After the party rested for the night a procession passed through the quiet streets of the city as its inhabitants focused on their morning business.  The procession was led by Ki-Sai’s sister Lia, flanked by a pair of elderly dragonborn.  They headed straight to the inn where the party had spent the night.  The group went out to meet them and Lia explained that she wished Ki-Sai to directly help with her naming trial.  He took her to one side to ask if she was sure considering his recent past experience with a similar trial. The female dragonborn to one side of Lia seemed to share his hesitation but Lia assured her brother that she was sure.  He accepted the honour, of course.

There then ensued a debate between the two elder dragonborn escorts.  The debate was about whether or not Ki-Sai’s non-dragonborn companions should be allowed to attend the ceremonial trial.  The female was entirely against the idea being unprecedented and against tradition.  The male dragonborn however argued for change, the essence of water, their element.  He finally convinced his companion when he spoke of a prophecy and someone known as “The Wandering Prophet“.  Ki-Sai suddenly realised that he had once met this prophet, or at least seen him. He almost paled when he remembered the dragonborn had an eyepatch and instantly recalled the eyepatched dragonborn from his vision while near death.  “Come and find me.”

It was agreed- albeit reluctantly in part - the whole party would be allowed to attend Lia’s naming trial and they had an hour to kill while the final preparations were made.  Ki-Sai spent the time meditating in the ocean, trying to calm the anguish that he might let down his sister on her big day.
[6:35 AM]
 
Vincent took the opportunity to go back to Landry Brusard, the strange fisherman trader, as he had promised.  Landry had brought a number of items that he called trinkets as his offer for Vincent’s ingot.  He felt the first item, a pair of metallic bracers, deserved a demonstration rather than a description.  He instructed Vincent to wear the bracers and move to the end of the pier.  One of Landry’s companions took a bow and arrow, aimed at Vincent and fired.  The arrow flew true, straight towards Vincent’s heart.  As if moved by an invisible hand Vincent’s arm flew across his body, deflecting the arrow from his heart, into his side.  Landry explained that he could potentially deflect any missile, but was not guaranteed.  The second item, an amulet, could retaliate against an attacker.  Vincent happily gave Landry the ingot in exchange for the items then promptly gave the bracers to Tori keeping the amulet for himself.

-----
Hundreds of kilometers away Caan was tied up.  Someone pointed a sword at him monologuing about Balthazar owing money.  At his companion Hajit’s signal Caan materialised a psychic dagger to cut his friend’s bonds.  Hajit whipped out a scroll and tossed a fireball at their captor.
-----

When Lia’s procession returned to collect the party they asked the non-dragonborns to wear blindfolds due to the ceremony being in a sacred chamber deep within the bottom of the ark’s hull. They were led through the bowels of the broken ship past the sounds of dragonborn life and work, including the unmistakable noise of metal smiths at their craft.  Eventually they reached their destination and the blindfolds were removed.

Ki-Sai was brought before Lia’s spiritual guides and painted in white, teal and blue.  While her brother was prepared Lia uttered a quiet prayer before moving to Ki-Sai’s companions.  She asked each of them in turn for personalised words of insight or advice.
[6:36 AM]
 
In Yves she bowed to the wisdom of elves and he spoke of the importance of friendship.  In Thalion she recognised a fellow mischievous spirit but he told her to try and see things as they really were.  Hadjar expressed his discomfort at finding himself in such situations but offered his own aim to leave things better than he found them.  Tori took pleasure and comfort simply finding a new friend in the midst of big events.  Vincent and Lia spoke briefly about the burden of walking a seemingly preordained path.  Finally, Myran told Lia how she connected to the spirit of a place by collecting objects that attracted her interest.  Lia scooped up a handful of sand from the floor of the sacred chamber and solemnly placed it in Myran’s hand.

FIinally came Ki-Sai’s turn.  Lia explained how she intended to prove herself worthy of the name “Kia”.  The name was important to the dragonborn, translating roughly to mean “the blood”, relating to their connection to the Great Blue Dragon, the ancestor of their race.  More than speaking to the Great Dragon Spirit herself she hoped to channel the spirit so it could speak to Ki-Sai.  Ki-Sai’s expression was a mixture of excitement, honour and concern.  His concern stemmed from his failure to hear the Dragon Spirit during his trial to join the All Sworn after the war ended.
[6:36 AM]
 
Lia placed a hand on her brother’s forehead and channelled the qualities of his companions: wisdom, mischief, service, friendship, strength, curiosity and finally his own loyalty.  As their connection grew and Lia began to channel the Great Dragon’s spirit into her brother a different, darker presence was awoken in Ki-Sai.  The darkness recognised Lia as a gateway to even greater power and tried to break free of Ki-Sai.  The dragonborn warrior steeled his will against the darkness, attempting to summon the Great Dragon’s help. He even called out The Squire’s name in desperation.  None of it was enough and he felt the dark presence leave him and enter his sister.

The room grew cold, the great doors iced shut and the sea water rapidly began to fill the chamber. Time froze and Ki-Sai felt a massive shadowy presence in the water.  The Great Dragon finally spoke to him.  It was disappointed at first, questioning the dragonborn’s appeal to the human god.  Ki-Sai relayed his entire spiritual journey to the Great Spirit, expressed his turmoil being pulled in two different blind directions and his desperation to protect his sister.  The Great Dragon was satisfied with Ki-Sai’s honesty and told him that he faced his own Great Test.  He must stop fighting against both currents and choose which river of destiny to accept.

Time unfroze and Lia’s body turned its black eyes to the party.

“THIS IS OUR TEST.” 