Session 25 

The party continued to climb down the cliff and move towards the ruins as quickly as possible, following Vincent and Ki-Sai’s lead, and attacking the eldritch horror whenever they could.  Thalion tossed a ball of fire at the joint where another tentacle split into two and they began to burn.  Myran saw this, pointed her staff at a tree branch and blasted the wooden limb over one hundred feet straight at one of the burning alien fingers, turning it partially into wood and feeding the flames.   Yves spotted a weak point in the tendril of rock and blasted it apart, severing the stone appendage. 

Meanwhile, Ki-Sai dove towards the ground studying the ruins and he spiraled away from the burning creature arm. The nearest building had clearly been living quarters but the one next to it appeared to have been some kind of temple.  And then he noticed another ruin beyond.  He could not recognise what the purpose of the building might have been but he spotted a vague cone of smoke projection from the ruin up towards the giant ball of cloud.

Ki-Sai pointed the building out to Vincent.  He had scented a strange smell from the same direction and was already heading towards it.  He ran inside one of the ruins and the cloud aberration shot another finger of death towards him.  The young fighter dodged out of the way and dashed desperately to the next building, taking cover beneath its broken roof.

Taking inspiration from Ki-Sai’s spectral dragon wings, he reached into the arcane mask to tap into its magic once more and he started to levitate into the air.  He began to propel himself slowly forward seemingly by the power of his will.  Below him Hadjar clambered down the cliff face, with Myran close behind them both.

Ki-Sai dove after Vincent but was struck by a tendril that split from the nearest larger tentacle of brick and fire, instantly turning to blue flesh around the area of impact.  Ki-Sai swung his chainblade, cutting himself free and swooped through a window into a sheltered part of the temple.  Vincent found an open barrel that had been used to store some kind of peanut butter.  A layer of peanut oil sat at the top and, thinking quickly, Vincent scooped up the oil into his waterskin and headed for the furthest ruin.

Yves ran, leapt and teleported himself to the ruins.  Thalion was stuck by the creature and fought to stay conscious.  Myran practically threw herself off the lower cliff to send healing spirits his way.  Hadjar had followed Vincent into the building just as he ran out the other side.

Vincent could see the furthest ruin and the projection of cloud from a large pit in the centre of the building.  He sprinted forward, struck flint against steel and set alight his skin of peanut oil and tossed it into the hole.

Ki-Sai flew through another window also heading towards the mysterious ruin but in his haste had left himself out in the open.  The creature struck down again, skewering the dragonborn soldier and fusing with his flesh once more.  Ki-Sai could feel his life force slipping away but stayed conscious through sheer determination…