Session 3

The demon, surrounded by imps and quasits, was inside Sam Perrel’s former home.  Fernan, Crade and Tan were closest, having been preparing to use the house as their temporary lodgings at Sam’s invitation.  They raised the alarm and while the other half of the group started to dash towards the house, the three of them charged inside to confront the demon and its minions.

Fernan was first in and very nearly the first to go down.  He took the brunt of the demon’s initial attack then retreated back out of the building only to be ambushed by an invisible quasit waiting outside.  Crade immediately rushed back out to assist his companion, leaving Tan to face the monsters alone.

Suddenly something smashed through one of the windows from outside and rolled into the room. The dramatic entrant was Ki-Sai who immediately rose to his feet and moved in to flank the creatures from the rear and started to systematically cut down each of the imps with an efficiency borne of rigorous military training and combat experience.  Tan faced the full might of the demon alone.

The others followed closely behind Ki-Sai.  Caan fired an arrow through the smashed window and ducked below the sill.  Myran tossed a dagger, with surprising skill, at the quasit harrying Fernan and Thalion tossed out a magical wisp of radiant energy at another quasit.

Several times Tan Yun teetered on the edge of death with miraculous magical intervention and healing from Myran keeping him in the fight long enough to whittle down the demon until Thalion charged inside to deliver the killing blow to the fiend with his energy infused staff.
  (edited)
[2:47 PM]
The seven comrades regrouped inside Sam’s house and Fernan, Crade and Tan explained to the rest that the demon had actually been Sam Perrel himself.  Or it had at least burst out of his body.  Sam had been reading from a book when the horrific transformation had taken place.  Despite its burned and blackened pages, the book was recognisable by some to be a book of infernal knowledge and rituals. 

As the group began to recover and patch themselves up as best they could, a crowd could be heard forming outside.  The townsfolk had clearly heard the commotion and came out to investigate.  As they began to grow restless, Ki-Sai beckoned the mayor close so as to not panic the crowd any further.  The group explained what had happened and that he should disperse the crowd.  He was easily persuaded.

While the assembly began to break up and folks started to return to their homes, two or three stragglers curiously tried to see inside the house, with a combination of hastily covered bodies and subtle illusions, they failed to see anything interesting and eventually decided to leave themselves.  Caan, ever suspicious, attempted to follow one of them covertly but was discovered.
  (edited)
[2:47 PM]
The group then spent over an hour piecing together everything they knew and suspected about this mysterious little town.  A plan was formed.  Crade and Fernan would “arrest” the mayor, they claimed to have such authority, under the pretence of some kind of embezzlement of funds from the refurbishment of the “Colosseum”.  Then they would take him away to question him and attempt to exorcise whatever enchantment possessed the man.

The rest of the group would remain in the town to question the rest of the townsfolk posing as some kind of deputies.  They would request that all books be shown to them, ostensibly looking for some kind of ledger as evidence of the mayor’s misappropriation of funds.  In reality they were searching for more demonic or similarly potentially dangerous books.