Session 20

Ki-Sai paid a visit to the male elder who had spoken of U-Sol and the prophecy which allowed all his companions to take part in Lia-Kai’s naming trial.  Unfortunately he could not offer any specific advice to help find U-Sol.

[Shopping montage] Armour was bought.  Wooden swords were gifted.  A map of the mountain region was drafted.  Thalion made a touching gesture of pledging himself to Ki-Sai and tried to get a fancy wooden sword for himself. They found someone to take care of Kickers McHoofenstein before they finally headed into the mountains.

Guided by Yves’ map the party followed the valley for a while.  Using her orb and casting of teeth, Myran found a path formed from bonemeal and sped off on the phantasmal sand camel that had been conjured by Thalion.  As everyone caught up Thalion and Myran were the first to notice the smell of very old rotted flesh.

After chasing off a large carrion bird, they found an old wooden cart partially sunk into the boggy ground. Hadjar was noticably untroubled by the difficult terrain.  Under one of the wheels was a skeleton still clothed in rags that identified him as some kind of lesser merchant. Thalion, magically, aided by Ki-Sai, physically, lifted the cart out of the quagmire. (edited)
[1:11 PM]
 
They searched through the various boxes on the back of the cart and found several high quality weapons, including a Waraxe of Dwarvenness™, some anti-poison potions and a bottle with the image of a bull on the label.  They theorise the merchant had tried to lift the cart himself using a potion of Bull’s strength and had become trapped when the potion wore off.

Once they had finished with the merchant and his cart, they moved further down the valley looking for a place to camp for the night.  They heard the flapping of large leathery wings some distance away, near the place on the map where Yves had marked a Wyvern’s nest.  The group tried to move quietly but to no avail.  Two large flying creatures began heading towards them… (edited)
April 24, 2025
