Session 17

A number of pikemen were dragging a fallen comrade out of the cave when a pair of huge demon-corrupted bears emerged from the cave.  The first bear-fiend rushed forward to stomp the fallen soldier into a bloody pulp then swiped its massive claw at another, killing him.  As the remaining pikemen hastened to take position against the creatures an agile figure darted in, attacked the fiend with a flurry of blade strikes and dodged away again.

Ki-Sai was the first to arrive at the scene and he whipped out the Bloodseeker Bladechain slashing the beast twice before he ducked away and took cover behind a tree.  The rest of the party fired on the fiends from range, including Myran and Tori. 

The battle was brutal but swift. Only one of the defending pikemen remained alive.  Ki-Sai warned everyone not to relax until they checked the cave for any more of the creatures. Fortunately there was no other fiend in the cave but there were the grisly remains of several bear cubs that had become victims to their corrupted parents.

A roughly hidden war-stash was discovered under a cairn of rocks; soldiers sometimes hid their spoils of war to collect after the battle. Sometimes they never returned.  The stack contained a number of amulets and a roughly hewn obsidian axe.  The amulets were red dragonborn insignia of rank and the axe was an typical example of a common red dragonborn weapon. It took skill and fire dragonbreath to craft the savage weapons.  Due to their fragility and difficulty of repair, the weapons were quite rare in the Commonwealth and tended to fetch a decent price among collectors. (edited)
[8:53 AM]
 
Myran began to butcher the corpses of the bear-fiends, taking teeth and claws, scooping up blood into vials and even cutting out the heart of one of the beasts.  Ki-Sai took a single tooth.  While Myran worked the dexterous fighter approached and introduced himself as Hadjar.  It turned out he was also travelling to Ro-Kai-Gan and had also heard the cry for help.  They all spoke a while and eventually agreed to let the ex-soldier travel with them as far as the city.  When Myran examined Hadjar with the Plane Seeing Orb she saw that the man was somehow connected to the elemental plane of earth.

After days of otherwise uneventful travel, they reached Ro-Kai-Gan.  Ki-Sai looked at the distant city with wistful pride - he hadn’t realised how much he had missed his home city after months on the road.  The rest of the party looked on the dragonborn city with awe and wonder.  The hull of a huge ship rested on the beach, broken in half.  The multiple layers of decks would be exposed if not for dozens and dozens of large, multi-coloured and patterned tapestries covering the open section of hull.  Spreading out from this massive ark were traditional buildings forming twisting, organic streets and clusters. The party enter the city and split up to pursue their own errands. (edited)
[8:53 AM]
 
Hadjar was seeking any records that might record visitors from Vestille.  Instead he learned of an usual recent trade involving rare Earthen reagents that piqued his interest.  Thalion and Myran went to find rooms for the party.

Vincent took Tori to shop for armour.  They learned of an unusual trader who wasn’t really a trader.  Vincent pulled out an ingot of bluish silver from his bag of requirement which he offered to the trader in exchange for armour.  He told Vincent to return in the morning.

Ki-Sai took Yves to visit his family.  His mother and sister lived inside the broken ark ship.  It turned out that Ki-Sai’s younger sister had her naming ceremony the very next day!  She was to be given the secondname of “Kai”, a very prestigious name among dragonborn, related to the great blue dragon spirit itself.  Ki-Sai promised he would stay for the ceremony then left on an errand of his own while Yves and Ki-Sai’s mother began preparing their evening meal.