Session 4

The group finally retired to their beds, taking watches in case more demons should appear.  Thankfully there were no demons during the night, but it was not entirely uneventful.  Early on several villagers were seen walking the streets, seemingly keeping an eye on the abandoned house the group had taken as their makeshift accommodation.

Ki-Sai's watch passed without note but Thalion spotted a tall woman who appeared to be heading out of the town.  Curious, he followed her.  He kept a discrete distance but soon recognised her as Heather West.  She was grasping a book to her chest and seemed to be only semi-aware of her actions.

Thalion greeted the woman which broke her out of her trance.  He enquired about the book she was carrying protectively and it turned out to be some kind of primer on magic.  She admitted to not fully understanding the book and had been unable to conjure any kind of magic.  Thalion persuaded her to swap the book for one of the books he had recovered from the Briarwood Holding and then convinced her to return to her home.

Despite also taking a night watch, Ki-Sai woke early - a force of habit instilled from his military service.  While lightly meditating something caught the attention of his unfocused eyes.  On closer inspection a section of the wall seemed to be quite a bit newer than the rest.  Ki-Sai started to pry off the slats of wood trying to be subtle to not disturb the others.  Myran noticed what he was doing and joined in. Underneath the newer panelling the wall was covered in writing, repeating the phrase "I am Waxten Brin" but with each repetition the name gradually changed and the writing grew more and more scrawled until it ended with, "I am Noxk I am Noxk I am Noxk..."  There was almost certainly some blood in some of the later writing. (edited)
[10:48 AM]
 
Once everyone was fully awake and their fasts broken, they reviewed the plan they had made the night before and decided not to "arrest" the mayor lest it cause some kind of political upheaval in the town, perhaps worse.  Instead Fernan and Crade would visit and attempt to subtly question some of the townsfolk while the rest would visit the mayor and see if they could learn anything more, including the writing they uncovered.

Thalion began by asking the mayor if he had any kind of catalogue of the numerous book in the town, including the newly delivered purchases but was unable to convince him to give them such a list (if one even existed).  Instead Thalion used his illusion magic to take a look in one of the crates of books they had helped deliver.  In it he found the Green Book he had come looking for.  A book seemingly made up of pages from a multitude of other, entirely unrelated books.

While Thalion was exploring the crate Myran was browsing the mayor's house-cum-office and she noticed a pair of portraits.  One of the mayor himself and one of someone who seemed very likely to be the mayor's father.  The latter was signed "Wallace Brooks" and the former signed simply "Nox".  They asked the mayor about the paintings and could not recall anything about them.  He tried to look up the name Wallace Brooks in a large ledger but seemed to be distracted and could not find any reference.  Any mention of the name "Nox" got his instant attention but seemed to be immediately forgotten again.  Not much after this Tori, Cristof and Callum the blacksmith entered the room almost as if they had been called or summoned. (edited)
[10:48 AM]
 
At this point Tan Yun mentioned again that he thought he might have a way to cure whatever mental affliction or spell seemed to be affecting the town.  The rest agreed to let him try, some more reluctantly than others.  A sphere of not-quite-shadow emanated from the Red Dragonborn cleric dimming the light inside it.  As the dim light enveloped the townsfolk in the room they each seemed to instantly become lucid and began asking what was happening.

As the group were attempting to explain their findings and suspicions Ki-Sai spotted a small number of townsfolk had started to gather outside in a semi-circle all staring at the building. Tan Yun's blessing, or whatever it was, faded away after a minute and everyone seemed to return to their previous somewhat befuddled mental state.  All except Tori who seemed to be holding onto her mind for longer than the rest. The group left the mayor's house, taking Tori with them, and met with Fernan and Crade.  They all agreed that they should leave Havelshire as quickly as possible.

They went to find the merchant, Heziik.  He did not need a lot of convincing to leave - he felt he had squeezed them dry of all the trade he was likely to get.  And so they packed the merchant's caravan and left the town immediately heading back down the road towards Folkstow.  Fernan and Crade would seek answers in a different direction, taking Tan Yun with them [retcon]. (edited)
[10:49 AM]
 
They decided to push through the night and make camp at Blairwood Holdings but not far from the turning Thalion smelled a strange necromantic smoke, similar to that they had seen at the farm on their way to Halvelshire.  Sounds of high-pitched voices could be heard speaking some unknown dialect of Draconic before they spotted a small number of small creatures rushing towards them.  Above their heads they were holding a small brazier on a pole.  The smoke Thalion smelled was billowing from green flames within the brazier.  Then the smoke began to form the shape of a small dragon; very small for a dragon but still easily as big as any one of the party and twice the size of the small creatures running towards them.

Ki-Sai told Heziik to keep the caravan moving forward to try and outrun the creatures and then the Blue Dragonborn swung down and began running towards them.  Thalion also jumped down from the back of the caravan and began shooting bolts of magic once the came into range.  The smoke dragon flew past Ki-Sai who swung his sword at it.  The blade passed through the smoke-formed body but it somehow seemed to have lost a small but noticeable amount of its mass as it headed straight for the caravan.

Two of the creatures split away from the pack of three and began sprinting towards them. As they got closer the group could see they were small, black lizard-like creatures similar to dragonborn but much smaller.  The third creature was clutching the strange pole and muttering strange magic.  Ki-Sai dashed directly for this one, calculating that it was the source of the smoke dragon.  He let out a blast of cold breath [retcon] before closing into melee range, cutting the creature down.

Meanwhile, Thalion and Caan were left to deal with the other two creatures and the smoke dragon.  Myran, as usual was busy keeping everyone alive. Unfortunately Heziik was left badly hurt by the smoke creature's noxious breath attack and Myran's magic (?) was unable to help