Session 1

Our story begins in the Commonwealth town of Folkstow.  The young, aspiring wizard Thalion is approached by an agent of The Third Circle and led to a set of secret rooms behind the tavern.  Here he was shown a mysterious book with a strange, subtle power.  Thalion was told that a second copy of the book had been discovered, known as “The Green Tome” which was dedicated to a “Neville Oxfriend Kursed” and was, coincidentally, part of a merchant’s consignment of other books due to leave Folkstow for the town of Havelshire in the North-East.  Thallion and Caan, another associate of the Third Circle, immediately went to offer their services to escort the merchant Heziik’s caravan.

As they approached the merchant they were intercepted by a giant of a Blue Dragonborn.  Standing just short of seven feet tall, wearing blue lacquered armour and bristling with weapons, the Dragonborn, Ki-Sai, enquired as to their business.  They hastily explained their intention and were allowed to offer their services to Heziik, who happily accepted.

As the group assessed each other, an older woman rushed up to them to join the caravan.  She introduced herself as Myran, another merchant.  Once Myran had packed her relatively sparse wares onto the caravan, the group agreed to set off immediately.

The journey was mostly uneventful, the group mostly keeping their own company during the evenings, until several days along the road Ki-Sai spotted smoke in the distance off the to north.  The group decided to check it out and discovered a trail leading away from the main road with a worn and broken sign declaring “Blairwood Holdings” to be the likely source of the smoke.
  (edited)
[2:29 AM]
The smoke was indeed issuing from the small cluster of farm buildings.  As they approached the eerily quiet property, they noticed some odd behaviour from the foul smelling smoke.  It appeared to hang in the air in an unnatural way, particularly around, and from within, what looked like the main house despite it not appearing to have been set alight like the others.

They approached the house and found the body of a woman who showed signs of having fought off the raiders, two of whom seemed to also be slumped against the wall wearing Helotian uniforms. However, upon closer inspection, several strange anomalies were revealed.  First, the Helotian bodies had been dragged to the house, evidenced from obvious drag marks surrounded by many small footprints.  Second, the bodies appeared to have died quite some time before the other events.  Something very strange had happened here for sure, but as the small footprints had left to the north, towards the desert, the group decided to head back to the caravan, their primary mission.  The danger, whatever it had been, seemed to have passed.

As they headed back to the trial leading back to the road, Myran found another body of one of the Blairwood Holdings’ inhabitants.  With the body was a letter that spoke of packing up books and supplies and leaving the next day.  Thalion noted that the letter had tomorrow’s date and so deduced that they may not have actually left.  He seemed more interested in the books than any other supplies or valuables and persuaded the others just to quickly check the barn before they left.  Reluctantly they agreed.
  (edited)
[2:29 AM]
The barn was full of the same strangely behaving, strangely smelling smoke.  Thalion entered, covering his mouth and nose and began to make the sounds and gestures that Ki-Sai recognised as magic.  He gave warning to the others just as a wave of thunder burst out from Thalion, blowing open the barn doors and dispersing the smoke. Inside was a cart packed with supplies as the letter promised, its horses brutally killed, presumably by the same raiders who had killed the human inhabitants.

A lockbox had been thrown out of the cart during the violent, thunderous magic spell.  Inside Thalion discovered several books and he slipped the whole thing into his backpack before the group finally returned to Heziik and continued on their journey, eventually reaching the tiny town of Havelshire at the end of the road.

In the centre of the town was an odd round, amphitheatre-like building which Ki-Sai noticed had some elements reminiscent of a past military structure.  This was where the caravan headed to unload its delivery of books and where they were met by an odd little man who introduced himself as Bevor Durston, the mayor.  Caan seemed particularly interested in Bevor and asked him many questions.

Eventually, the caravan was fully unloaded and, their duty complete, the group were left to their own devices.  Ki-Sai visited with the blacksmith who had a small display of weapons and they both spoke briefly of the war.  Myran headed to what acted as the town and market square, and set up her stall.