Session 29

The group decided to travel with the orc mercenaries who proved more difficult to persuade than they expected.  Yves charm failed to win them over intially.  Thalion and Ki-Sai seem to fair little better until a new voice speaks up and vouches for them.  The voice belonged to a orc of surprisingly quiet authority.  This was Brotek the leader of these orcs and he allowed them to pay to join them on the road, at a discount.  A discount that Thalion politely declined and paid full price.  This seemed to please Brotek.

They travelled a day or two, finding a rhythym to the steady, frankly boring, travel.  Ki-Sai won a round of "Liar Dice" against a pair of orcs and then handily beat Brotek in a friendly game of Dragonchess.  Myran and the quietly orc Shaman discussed the nature of spirits and, for some reason, fish.  However, tension steadily grew from one orc towards Thalion.  Thalion took Brotek aside and offered to fight the orc in a duel if it mght help win some respect.  Brotek seemed initially offended at this stereotypical image of orcs but did not take it personally and instead went to speak with the orc shaman on the matter.  It was agreed that the caravan would divert from the safe path guided by Myran's spirits and they would instead take the more dangerous fork in the road.  The intention was to use the carts as bait for an attack from bandits or wild animals and then the rest of the band would spring an ambush.  They hoped that this might provide an opportunity for the two groups to bond in battle as well as relieve some general tension and boredom.
[8:31 AM]
 
Indeed the plan worked and they attracted the attention of a small herd of very large wild boars.  Four adults and three young were heading for the carts, and so they sprung their trap!  Protected initially by magical invisibility provided by Thalion, Ki-Sai and one orc moved behind the boars and then Ki-Sai charged to attack one of the young beasts from behind.  Within moments he was surrounded by one other youngster and two adults.  The third young boar began to flee while the other two adults charged the carts.

Ki-Sai took several enormous hits from the creatures before he spread his spiritual wings and flew above them, just as his orc partner decided to attack - he had taken a more strategic approach.  Vincent moved to assist as did Myran, just as a large scorpion emerged from under the Savannah exactly where she had been standing.  At the carts, Brotek heroically wrestled one of the giant boars to the ground and Tori fired her bow at the other while being chased by another scorpion.