Session 11

Back in Vestille, while the rest of the party were investigating The Bar on Baron, Caan had made his secret way to the Third Circle.  His research uncovered details of a cult - The Cult of the Forbidden Eye - that worshipped abberations.  There were also people known as "Name Keepers", whose duty was to remember the names of aberrations in order to hold them to this world.

At the bar Yves was questioning Vincent over the wanted poster bearing an uncanny resemblance to the young man.  Vincent confessed that it was indeed him on the poster.  He explained that he was looking for his father and had crossed paths with some necromancers who had issued the bounty on him.  Yves then cast an illusion spell on the orc, Gadren, making it appear that he was wearing a pink skirt. This caused enough disturbance and confusion to end in the orc being knocked to the ground.  Yves was quick to help Gadren to his feet, deftly slipping the key from his belt as he did so.

Meanwhile, Tori and Heziik were causing a distraction of their own at one end of the bar while an invisible Thalion snuck in to search behind the counter, discovering a secret compartment and the fourth key within.  He took the key and slipped into the room behind the bar to escape, instead being pinned in place by the guard blocking the other door.

Heziik made a big play and knocked over the second brazier in the common room while being escorted from the premises - perhaps the Red Dawn would review their risk assessment after today - causing Felis to fall over.  Vincent helped the noble mercenary to his feet, insisting that he took him up to his room where he could rest and recover from his "obvious" concussion.  Despite his best effort he could not separate the man from his cane but he did have the presence of mind to open a window, giving them an opportunity. (edited)
[1:49 PM]
 
Caan had by now joined the party and through some mysterious mind-link knew about the cane/window set-up.  Tori had already cleverly secured a room directly below Felis' and Caan joined her, climbing from their balcony to the room above.  Unfortunately Caan was disturbed by an old woman bringing some ice for Felis - ice that Vincent had ordered earlier.  Thinking fast, Caan grabbed the cane, and thus their fifth key, made some declaration of an act of defiance from the Folkstow rebels, then jumped straight out of the window.

Yves learned of Caan's daring deed through Tori and left the bar to find him.  The two of them made their way around to the back door, its lock being picked easily by Caan.  They entered the bar and headed straight for the central room, where Thalion was still hiding.  Caan threw open one of the side doors and tossed a dagger at the guard by the door opposite. All hell, as it is wont to do, was about to break loose