Session 22

In the morning the party had a decision to make.  Do they follow the trail of Tul and and the thieves, heading towards the north part of Yves’ map and the marking of large numbers of migrating demons that had been sighted?  Or do they continue on their original plan of heading along the valley towards the old mines and then north to where the cult had last been seen?

Needless to say they chose to follow Tul and the artifact thieves. Several of the party reasoned that this Tul might prove a useful ally during their mountainous adventure, apart from it feeling like the right thing to do.  Perhaps the young dragonborn thief hunter was not aware of the danger ahead in his haste to prove himself.

They found the tracks easily enough.  More recently those of a lone figure following older tracks of a significant number of individuals, perhaps ten. At one point the pack of thieves split up, possibly to try, and fail, to lose their pursuer.

The path started to narrow as it sloped up the side of the mountain until it became a precarious ledge and eventually even the ledge disappeared with a large gap before it appeared again.  They spotted a row of pitons hammered into the rock face.  Clearly someone had used the spikes and ropes to climb across the gap. They had left the pitons but taken the rope with them. 

Vincent placed one foot against the rock wall and simply walked along the vertical surface threading the rope between the pitons, guided by Yves’ nautical knot-typing expertise.  One by one the party each used the ropes and pitons to climb across the gap.  When it was Ki-Sai’s turn his foot slipped on a loose stone and his hand missed the rope.  He began falling forward. (edited)

2
[5:13 AM]
 
Suddenly the Amulet of Ihtig felt cold against his chest and he felt the presence of the Great Blue Dragon very briefly, reminiscent of the time during Lia-Kai’s naming trial.  Time stood still for a moment as a pair of faintly blue, ghost-like spiritual wings sprouted from his back and he flew across the gap to land safely on the other side of the ledge.  Ki-Sai was as surprised by this as anyone and could not answer any of the barrage of questions from his companions.

Everyone else made it safely across, Myran once more showing almost suspicious agility for her (apparent) age and condition, and they continued to follow the tracks until they reached the obvious markings of a battle, no more than six hours old.  Yves called Thalion to him, spoke some words and they both vanished!  Yves’ disembodied voice explained that they would both scout ahead.

The invisible pair moved toward a rocky ridge, where they spotted a dragonborn chained to a tree at the base. The rest of the party followed stealthily some distance behind, but not stealthy enough as a number of figures appeared on top of the ridge, silhouetted by the sun.  Ambush!

Despite their attackers having the advantage of high ground, the party had an invisible wizard and fighter in their vanguard and they were quickly able to dispatch all but two of the bandits who appeared to be in charge.  Vincent reached one of them before he could escape and intimidated him into near surrender.  The last bandit leader began to flee, but not before making some mysterious, esoteric call before he was knocked unconscious.  Within moments a dozen fiends were running towards the party! (edited)

1
May 6, 2025
