Session 6

The group decided to waste no more time and began preparations to head out.  They agreed that Heziik and Tori should stay with them for their own safety, at least until they knew more of the Havelshire Aberrant and its effects.  Heziik was not enthusiastic until the group finalised their destination; Vestile, the closest to a capital city that the Commonwealth had and thus a merchant's dream.  They decided to take the most direct route, south through the Ferewyn Forest rather than to follow the road back to Folkstow then south and east.  While the road would certainly provide a safer and smoother journey they agreed that time was the more important factor at this stage.

The first day of travel was uneventful.  They each passed the time their own ways, between clearing the path, helping the caravan across rough terrain and watching for danger.  Caan and Thalin mostly complained about the cruel irony of the task before them.  They needed to do research while the main act of researching, reading books, was still an ever present threat.  Ki-Sai spent some time whittling at a piece of wood, practicing various woodcarving techniques.  They began making camp and Ki-Sai was about to toss away the carving but Myran practically snatched it from his hand, seeming to treat it like some beautiful masterpiece rather than the rough, shapeless, practice piece it was. (edited)
[12:36 PM]
 
Thalion and Yves took the first watch.  Thalion spotted a small deer which he felled with a skilful dagger throw.  He spent the rest of his watch dressing the deer to preserve the meat for the journey.  Yves, needing less sleep than the rest, stayed awake to share the middle watch with Ki-Sai.  Their watch passed without event except for an odd, creeping sense of anxiety or dread felt by Ki-Sai.  With his usual stoicism he kept the feeling to himself.  Caan, Myran and Tori spent most of the final watch observing a thunderstorm some distance ahead of them, in the direction they were heading.  Then they noticed strange flashes of colour in the same direction.  They could not tell if these flashes of light were closer, further away or part of the thunderstorm, but they felt sure they were more magical than natural.

In the morning Caan and Myran told the others of the flashes of colour they had seen.  Ki-Sai shared his strange sense of aprehension and learned he was the only one with these feelings.  Myran pulled out a small jar of teeth and spilled them on the ground.  She began moving the teeth carefully, one by one. The movements appeared both deliberate and random but as the others watched the teeth began to form a line, a line pointing directly towards the thunderstorm.  Myran announced, "fate, for one of us," but could not, or would not, elaborate. The party briefly discussed turning back or at least adjusting their path to take a wide berth around the storm and whatever fate might await one of them, but ultimately they decided to press on and so they did.  At least they started the day with a hearty breakfast of fresh venison.
[12:36 PM]
 
Several hours into their journey the party began to become aware of a distinctive smell of blood mingled with iron and sulphur.  As the smell grew stronger they started to notice scorch marks on the ground and the surrounding trees and then they saw bodies.  On closer inspection the bodies were a mixture of insectoid demons and so-called "fiends" - demon infected animals.  From patterns of movement, wounds and the scorch marks, they determined that they had been killed by magic and the battle had moved through them.  The demons appeared to have been converging on a point, twoards which the battle had also been moving.

Yves and Caan volunteered to scout ahead and Caan revealed an ability to telepathically link himself to others.  He bonded this way with Yves and Ki-Sai who would stay behind to help protect the caravan.  Yves and Caan scouted ahead and the rest following more slowly some distance behind them.  Before long the two scouts came across a clearing among the trees and bodies.

In the centre of the clearing was huge, cracked skull that resembled that of an ox, but much bigger.  Dark smoke issued from the mouth and eye sockets.  Behind the skull near the further edge of the clearing was a robed figure, sitting cross-legged on the ground.  They appeared to be meditating, or perhaps even sleeping, but they maintained a firm grip on a staff that stood straight upright. Yves approached the skull and began speaking to it in verious languages and Caan telepathically summoned Ki-Sai.

Back at the caravan Ki-Sai explained the what they had found.  Ki-Sai and Thalion rush ahead while Myran quickly cast her teeth again, read the result and muttered to herself that this wasn't her fate.
[12:37 PM]
 
"What brought you here, N'zolith?" Yves asked the skull in Celestial without explanation to Caan.

The smoke began to thicken and the robed figure spoke a soft, "oh no."

"YOU DID," replied N'zolith as the skull rose off the ground and the smoke thickened into a black ichor which slowly solidified into black limbs.

A pair of wolves suddenly appeared from the trees behind the robed figure, just as Ki-Sai and Thalion arrived on the opposite edge of the clearing. The wolves' bodies grew and twisted into two hellhounds and leapt forward at the same time Ki-Sai sprinted into battle to strike two powerful sword blows directly on the crack in the demon's skull.

"Fools," sighed the robed figure, "at least weaken it while I'm trapped!"

"THE AUDACITY," spoke N'zolith.

The robed figure's hands twitched and gestured and two identical looking boys darted out of the forest to join the battle.  They looked no more than twelve years old.  The robed figure's hand movements seemed to somehow match the twins' movements, as if he silently directed them.

One of the hellhounds lunged forward and took a huge bite from Ki-Sai's leg, visibly staggering the dragonbon.  One of the children cast a blessing on Ki-Sai while the other attacked the second hellhound.

The demon formed a blade from it's black limbs which thrust at Ki-Sai, passing through his lacquered armour as if it were nothing more than a fine silk shirt.  Ki-Sai collapsed to the ground.

The hellhounds fell quickly after that and the party and the strange twins focused their attention om the demon N'zolith. Magical lines began to glow on the ground between the demon and the robed figure.  The lines wound around the robed figure binding him but as the demon weakened from repeated attacks., he broke free... (edited)
[12:37 PM]
 
After the battle all attention fell on Ki-Sai.  The dragonborn lay still and looked deathly pale.  Myran had caught up by this time and she rushed forward to Ki-Sai and tipped the jar of teeth onto his chest. Some of the colour returned to his scales but he did not stir.  Yves opened the dragonborn's mouth and emptied a bottle of healing poition into it.  Ki-Sai's physical wounds started to repair themselves but he still not not  wake or move.

One of the child twins was talking to the robed figure  - Caan knew the robed figure as Lord Blackwood, someone associated with the Third Circle - about trying something on the dragonborn.  He dismissed the suggestion at first but slowly became persuaded and finally agreed.  He took out a vial containing a white substance shot through with golden essence and poured it into Ki-Sai's still open mouth.