Session 39 

While everyone was taking a moment to recover from the battle, Myran headed directly to the pool of melted ice giants at the bottom of the crater.  Looking for a vessel in which to collect some of the liquid, she tipped “Simon”, the semi-sentient water she had found at the cult ruins.  Out of the pool rose a liquid humanoid, looking for all intents and purposes like a water elemental.

The small bard, Regis, offered assistance and reached into Simon’s mind, allowing him, it?, to communicate with Myran.  She learns that he had been called Coulton as a human, but told her that he liked the name Simon and chose to accept it as his new name.  With Simon’s help Myran explored the water, finding a number of items:  A pair of magical gloves that helped the wearer with swimming and climbing.  A fine quality shield and a javelin enchanted with lightning.

Simon told Myran that he sought “her” - someone special to him.

Yves found a sword of wondrous quality with a matching amulet and through his own eldritch power and Kadregan’s deep knowledge of history, he learned that the blade had once belonged to family named Redharrow, one well liked and respected in Karegal.

Kingsley, having briefed Kadregan on their mission already, used the scroll he had been given to send out a magical “flare” to call in the rescue.  After some time a large airship arrived and all the crash survivors were gathered together and taken aboard and they headed towards Karegel.

After only a couple of hours, they could see an impressive mountain fortress which was identified as Misthaven.  Ki-Sai recalled, with quiet awe, the prophecy that had been left for him at Rux-Ogar. 

"Lost travellers find haven inside the mist." (edited)
[1:39 PM]
 
They landed at Misthaven and were made welcome and comfortable while Kadregan took care of business before they continued to the city proper.  Yves told Kadregan about the curse affecting his companions and Vincent asked for a private meeting to ask for the king’s help with his father’s plan to redeem their family.

Meanwhile, outside, Ki-Sai was enjoying the peace and cold of the mountain when he was drawn to the sound of running water.  A large fountain that clearly also served as a memorial for Kadregan’s adopted Dragonborn son.  In front of the fountain knelt an old Dragonborn with an eyepatch!

Ki-Sai spoke with U-Sol.  The elder shared words of vague wisdom, urging the young warrior to listen.  Which he did.  Again he was drawn to the sound of running water, this time more specific than the whole fountain.  He was attracted to one of a set of wooden bowls.  A bowl carved with the symbol of a shield.  He remembered his meeting with the Squire’s priest in Okston and what she had told him about the prayer bowls.

He stood and walked to the fountain.  He lifted the bowl with a mixture of trepidation and reverence. He allowed the flow of essence from himself, to the bowl and beyond.  It weakened him but he felt both satisfaction and something of relief.  He had been putting off the decision for so long but it was time to let this current take him.

He replaced the bowl and took his position back next to U-Sol.  The old Dragoborn took his leave and Ki-Sai remained in light meditation.  He heard soft footsteps and saw a young boy before him, dressed in chainmail with a shield on his back.  They spoke for a while, sharing stories and the boy told Ki-Sai that he would like him to find, Lord Blackwood, the person who had given him the blood potion that saved his life and connected him to the Squire.  Before he could ask more questions the boy had left. (edited)
[1:39 PM]
  
When Kadregan was ready to leave they gathered before the airship and U-Sol spoke to Ki-Sai again.  He gave him a vision of Lord Blackwood and the twins.  They were in a laboratory filled with children suspended in thick liquid inside large tubes. Blackwood spoke of war with a robed figure.  He claimed that what he did was to prevent a war. Ki-Sai shared the obvious distaste of the robed figure at Blackwood’s actions.

-----

The first place they visited in Karegal was the queen’s secret, magical garden where Yves and Vincent were invited to a private audience with the beautiful Queen Evangeline in her magical pavilion. (edited)
September 18, 2025
