 Session 26 

Chaos.

The party was spread across the ruins, each fighting their own battle.  Giant tentacles of stone, wood, and flesh reached down from the nebulous orb of silent menace hovering above the battlefield.  At one side, Ki-Sai was fused to an alien limb, his dragonborn blood beating stronger in the disturbing mockery of his flesh than it did in his own body.  At the other, Thalion clung to life with cold logic, calmly calculating the optimal trajectory for what could be his last fireball.

Myran leapt and bound down the cliff face like Thalion’s spectral goat, once more her physical prowess betraying her outward appearance.  She muttered to herself urgently - or to the spirits, who could really tell - determined to help her companions.   Hadjar ducked and weaved through the collapsed temple, rapidly closing the gap to Vincent and Ki-Sai’s reckless vanguard.  Yves perched himself atop the ruined cultist dormitory, blasting deadly eldritch forces of his own into the creature.

Ki-Sai felt the eldritch flesh merging with his own. Through fading vision he saw a figure dash out of the building and throw something in his direction.  Training and adrenaline sharpened his vision and he recognised the figure as Hadjar.  A bottle of dark liquid arced through the air and broke against the tentacle that held him.  Shards of glass tore through tendons and skin and oil merged with the leaking blood.  Ki-Sai felt hope. (edited)

1
[3:16 AM]
 
And then, out of nowhere he saw Sly the tiefling ex-bandit leader appear on the exposed first floor of the nearby building.  She reached down and picked up a burning piece of debris, unbothered by the fire, and hurled it towards the oily tentacle.  The flaming object flew further than seemed physically possible, but still it fell short by several feet, landing next to Hadjar.

Myran commanded healing spirits to rejuvenate Thalion then turned her attention to stuffing the extracted Wyvern nervous system into the many-handed pouch for reasons known only to herself.  Thalion, bolstered by Myran’s healing, released the fireball at the joint of several eldritch limbs adding to and speeding up the otherworldly creature’s inexorable immolation.

Vincent paused a moment to watch the blaze from his peanut oil grenade begin to spread up the cloudy cone towards the main body of the creature in the sky.  Then he turned and ran towards his fading dragonborn companion.  He slipped a torch from his pack, lit it and threw it towards the oily, fleshy tentacle with the same intent as Sly.  And his throw also fell short of its target. Vincent cursed and ran back into the temple to take cover as multiple tentacles whipped down from the sky as the creature lashed out in apparent desperation.  If it even knew emotions as the humanoids understood. (edited)
[3:17 AM]
-----
Blood pounded in Ki-Sai’s ears.  With each beat of his slowing heart he felt himself slipping further away.  But he clung to the hope he had felt momentarily with Hadjar’s quick thinking action. The memory of the Great Dragon's advice suddenly echoed softly in his mind, like breath on the wind:

“Stop fighting the current… Let it carry you.”

Time slowed.  In his mind’s eye, the river of his life stretched before him once more. No longer did it churn, two opposing tides fighting each other, now it forked before him.

One branch was dark, thick, smoky, writhing. A current of fire and shadow, where chains drag beneath the surface and whispers coil like serpents. 

The other, light. Brilliant and golden, but not soft—sharp like a sword’s edge, flowing swift and clear, guided by duty, resolve, and sacrifice.

And then he noticed a third branch, hidden beneath obscuring mist. 

But he turned from his possible futures and looked up-river, to his past.  He started to move against the current seemingly opposing The Great Dragon’s wisdom.  The flow of his life was littered with obstacles.  He passed a great black boulder that sat in the centre of the water, almost blocking it entirely except for thin rivulets of bright, golden water trickling past on each side.  The demon N’Zolith.

He kept moving up-river, a circular building rose from the water.  Havelshire.  Past the turbulent rapids of the great war the river narrowed, the current slowed.  He recalled the early training of his childhood.  The basic weapon forms. The mental discipline.  Focus. Stillness.  Calm. (edited)
[3:17 AM]
 
He exhaled. Calm. He felt his slowing pulse through the fingers that gripped the hilt of the Bloodseeker Bladechain. The blade sensed he was near death and sought to turn against him but it felt his hardening inner strength and submitted to his will.  Stillness.  He locked his gaze on the torn and oily section of the tentacle.  Focus. His comrades - his friends - still had need of his shield, his service.  He could not, would not, fail them.

The bladechain whipped out and sliced cleanly through the mass of flesh, blood, glass and oil exactly where Hadjar had weakened it.  As it started to fall away, tendons and veins snaked out from each half, attempting to knit themselves back together.  He swung again, severing them once more.  Radiant energy coursed along the blade and cauterised the ends.

Separated from its host the alien extremity began to melt away from where it had fused to the dragonborn's flesh.  Ki-Sai’s spectral wings flickered and he started to fall.  With his last ounce of strength he grabbed hold of the crumbling wall of the temple and dragged himself through an opening to take cover inside the building.  He still lived.
----- (edited)
[3:17 AM]
The entire party was exhausted.  Yves alone kept attacking the creature, blasting off huge chunks of burning tentacle even as the fire consumed it.  Soon, the ruins were quiet, the soft cracking of fire the only sound.  Eventually the group started gathering together, calling out to each other.  Everyone had survived but there was no time to rest.  The burning remains of the eldritch creature littered the battlefield and threatened to also set the cultish ruins alight.They needed to search for information now or this would all have been in vain. 

Yves and Hadjar searched the first ruined building, the one that had served as living quarters for the cult.  Yves read a number of texts; letters, journals and other books.  Hadjar sought out trade ledgers and records.  They formed a picture of the cult at its height.  Members were attracted to the cult by the promise of power, healing and charisma of the mysterious Grand Maester.  They stole from trade caravans that they misdirected into the mountains through forgery and bribery.  One shipment contained strange and powerful magical reagents which they used to capture and steal the powers of so-called old gods.  One of the cultists referred to only as “Mask” siphoned power from a creature they named “Mimic”. (edited)
[3:18 AM]
 
Thalion studied the smaller building with the pit from which the cloud creature had seemingly been projecting.  It was a building designed purely for magical rituals and had unmistakable similarities to the colosseum building in Havelshire - unmistakable at least to someone as studied in arcana as the young wizard.  He set to work reconstructing something he recognised as a magical prison.  Ki-Sai joined him and offered his manual labour to assist.  He was still weak from his ordeal and his muscles screamed in pain, but the pain reminded him that he was still alive and so he endured with his typical stoicism.

Myran, Tori and Vincent explored the temple building.  Myran found a strange puddle in the ground just outside.  Strange firstly because there seemed to be no explanation for why it was there at all.  It should have long ago soaked into the ground or simply evaporated.  Myran spotted a ring laying at the bottom of the puddle and tried to fish it out with her staff.  Every time she came close an unsourced tide moved the ring away, almost as if the water itself tried to keep it for itself.  Myran eventually outsmarted the puddle and recovered the ring.  She also filled several small bottles with the puddle water.

Meanwhile, Tori had found an important looking tome.  Knowing better than to read the book herself, she fought back the temptation and handed it to Vincent.  The young man cautiously opened it and started to read…
----- (edited)
[3:18 AM]
Vincent looked up from the pages to see Tori, Myran, Thalion and Ki-Sai standing around him with looks of concern.  What had felt like mere moments to him had actually been thirty minutes or more of him rooted to the spot intently reading the volume.  His four worried companions remembered the reading addiction they had encountered in Havelshire and feared something similar was happening to Vincent.

Thalion gently suggested that the young man should hand the book to him for safe-keeping.  Vincent drew his rapier and levelled it at the wizard.  What he had experienced had shaken him so badly that he could not risk giving it to Thalion as long as the threat of the Havelshire curse hung above him.  Ki-Sai tensed, ready to intervene if needed but Vincent’s stance was still defensive.  Vincent handed the book to Yves, who had heard the commotion and joined them, then he stalked off to be alone as was his default of late.

Myran took out her plane-viewing orb and looked at the book’s reflection in its shiny surface.  Projected from the book she saw a giant figure formed from a roiling mass of parchment and torn pages, its outline tinged with the black line of singed paper.  The reflected figure looked directly as Myran and made her an offer.  It could give her any piece of almost forgotten knowledge or the answer to any question