Session 41 

The first thing Yves noticed, being the first to enter the upstairs living quarters was a wall covered in, appropriately, hand-written scrawl, apparently written in blood.

“I am Waxten Brin.  I am Waxten Brin.” Degrading to “I am Noxk,” exactly like the wall the original group has seen in Havelshire.

The second thing Yves noticed was a badly decayed, dead body laid face down in the bedroom. His death did not appear to have been violent, but the fingers of one of his hands were clearly horribly ragged and worn - quite obviously from writing on the wall. Vincent examined the body closer.  It was wearing a necklace with a very old symbol that he somehow remembered he had seen in the Cultist’s tome.  Notes near the body spoke of “Name Keepers” and there was a list: 

• Burn as many as you can
• Stop the print
• Ignore him
• Lock the doors
• Throw food out of the window
• I am Waxten Brin (edited)
[5:03 AM]
 
Downstairs, Caan expertly picked the lock on the main entrance and the group entered a bookstore.  Long shelves lined the walls of the main store and a mezzanine above and more books were piled on the counter, all of which appeared to have had pages torn out.  Taking up most of the floor space was a pair of large printing presses.  Upon closer inspection the presses had been printing copies of The Green Book!

Eventually everyone found themselves back upstairs.  Tori’s Wand of Secrets discovered a hidden compartment behind the fireplace.  Caan found and disarmed a trap guarding the hiding place with Thalion’s help and inside was Waxten’s diary that again mentioned Name Keepers, passing something on, Grandma Agatha was gone, a weight being too heavy on his shoulders, and a desire to visit Halvelshire but he must not.  It claimed that he had a plan.

Myran cast her wisdom teeth and called on her spirits to commune with the dead body, presumably Waxten Brin.  The teeth flew into the corpse's mouth so it could answer their questions.  They managed to ask five before the spirit magic ended. (edited)
[5:04 AM]
 
What is Noxk?
Noxk is the spiral memory eater.  Knower of all.  Eater of words.

Is Noxk with us now?
I hope not.  I hope I did not fail.

What is the purpose of the Green Books?
They are my plan.  They are secret.  They are blueprints. They have the name.

What is the key to decipher the name from the book?
Start with the page numbers.
(Caan recognised what kind of cypher this might be from that answer alone.)

What do we need to know?
The book is the blueprint. The last is the name.  Choose the bearer carefully for it is a heavy burden.

-----

When the group finally left the Wriggled Scrawl and headed back towards their lodgings, they ran into Njal who had come looking for them.  He spoke with Myran about her vision.  The location she sought was known to him but sacred to their people.  They would need permission to visit from The Voice, something like their king.  Njal invited them all to accompany him when he went home.  He would get them an audience with The Voice.

Myran spoke to Heziik inquiring about the jewellery she had seen in her vision.  Heziik revealed that he might be able acquire the broken amulet.  He counselled Myran that she should still visit the last location to learn more about it.

Njal and Yves spoke to Kadregan and Stukov about taking an airship north.  They discussed the danger of the blizzard and were assured they would be safe as the blizzard's attention was elsewhere. (edited)

Message #group-notes
