Session 19

N’Zolith formed out of roiling strands of coagulated smoke issuing from Lia’s mouth, nose, eyes and ears.  Myran and Ki-Sai offered words of encouragement to help her fight off the demon’s influence while Vincent appeared to be muttering urgently, as if arguing with himself.  Tori focused on one of the frozen dragonborn elders, attempting to drag her to safety.

Yves,Thalion and Hadjar began attacking the demon from range while Ki-Sai ran in to engage in melee and Myran supported from the back, weaving her rousing tales with her peculiar spiritual magic.  N’Zolith fired out blasts of fire and ice.  Hadjar was seriously injured. His instinct and training kicked in and he teleported away to take cover.

Lia, meanwhile, was fighting her own internal battle.  One that she was gradually winning until the demon was bloodied from one of Yves’ powerful blasts and in a desperate push, finally overwhelmed the young dragonborn’s mental defences.  Under N’Zolith’s influence, Lia called forth the spirits of their ancestors.  Ghostly apparitions began circling her, sapping the vitality of all those around her.

Vincent suddenly snapped out of whatever had held his attention and tossed something angrily into the sea water that covered the bottom of the chamber.  He grabbed a bullwhip from his belt and whipped it out towards Myran.  The whip coiled around her arm and Vincent yanked her out of the swarm of dragonborn spirits.

Ki-Sai reached into the many-handed pouch and grabbed the mysterious bottle Caan had labelled “Emergency use only.”  His sister and his companions were in danger, this was most certainly an emergency.  He ripped the stopper out of the bottle with his teeth and poured its contents into his mouth.  Almost instantly the dragonborn warrior began to grow twice in size.

1
[12:32 PM]
 
With a determined snarl he dashed forward, stopping just short of Lia’s sphere of spiritual guardians. He whipped out the Bloodseeker Bladechain.  The demon infused blade struck N’Zolith and the demon reeled from the attack.  Thalion took the opportunity to retreat while the demon was distracted with Ki-Sai.  As the young wizard ran to cover he tossed a blade of shadow over his shoulder.  The blade hit the demon destroying its corporeal body.

Lia collapsed to the ground and the shadow of N’Zolith flowed back into Ki-Sai.  WIthout hesitation Myran stepped forward and swung her staff at the dragonborn’s head, knocking him out cold.

The two elders finally unfroze and after some quick questioning let in more dragonborn to attend to Lia and the others.  Once he was satisfied that his sister was well and safe Ki-Sai asked his companions to join him at the beach.  He needed to be near the sea and wanted to talk to them all.

Ki-Sai finally explained to his companions what he had experienced since they first encountered N’Zolith in the forest.  He told them of the two presences within him, the dark and the light, and of the vision of the one-eyed dragonborn who had told Ki-Sai to find him.  He told the party that this eye-patched dragonborn was clearly the wandering prophet, U-Sol, who had made the prophecy that allowed the whole group to attend Lia’s naming trial.

In turn the others told him about the mysterious potion that Blackwood had used to save him from the demon’s otherwise killing blow.  Hadjar further added information he knew about Blackwood and experiments on the celestial touched  They surmised that Blackwood had somehow distilled this celestial essence into the potion he gave Ki-Sai theorising, correctly, that it might balance out the demon’s influence.
[12:33 PM]
 
Ki-Sai tried to excuse himself from the group, not wanting to put them in any further danger. The group would have none of it.  They discussed it for a while and the dragonborn finally agreed to stay with them to pursue their investigation into the Havellshire Aberrant.  As they discussed their plan to look for the Aberrant Cult in the mountain, Hadjar revealed that his own investigation led towards the same mountains.

Later that evening Lia found her brother and presented him with one of their people’s most sacred artefacts, a single scale from the Great Dragon itself.  She told him that the elders had met and discussed the events of the naming trial.  They had named Ki-Sai the Sword Arm of their people and agreed to put the priceless artifact in his possession to bless his trial and journey.