Session 16

Yves continued talking with the priest of The Tempest, trying to make sense of the visions he’d received.  He asked the priest for guidance and the priest simply offered him a rare prayer scroll to use when he thought the time was right. Yves thanked him and left to write some letters.

Thalion and Tori acquired a suitable room for the party at one of the inns, then spent some time surreptitiously eavesdropping, listening out for any interesting news or rumours.  One conversation drew their attention: A women spoke of a mysterious island floating in the sky that appeared without warning off the coast of Harbour Town and her husband was among a contingent sent to investigate.

--
Folkstow: Caan returned to the Pygmy Centaur to receive something of a tongue lashing from the concerned barmaid before heading back to the Third Circle, planning to rejoin Heziik.  He was stopped by a Circle colleague and asked to help deal with some giant otherworldly, tentacled entity, apparently named “Jefferson”...
--

Ki-Sai entered Harbour Town’s humble, multi-deity church and was directed to Sister Martear’s office. An uncharacteristically uncertain and nervous dragonborn described his recent subconscious pull towards the godly shield on Folkstow’s temple.  He showed her the best carving of the symbol he’d made with Myran’s help and asked what she could tell him about the symbol and any god that it might represent. (edited)
[1:24 PM]
 
The sister had to think hard as this was something of a rarely worshipped and little known deity, even for someone such as her.  She recalled the symbol belonged to a god known only as “The Squire” who was often regarded as “Loreon’s little brother”.  She knew little about this Squire other than he was known as something of a mischief maker among the gods.  She did, however, direct Ki-Sai to two small churches that were known to house dedicated priests of The Squire: One near Briarwood and one near Okston.  She asked him to call back in the morning in case she could find more information for him and he promised he would.

As he made his way back to the agreed meeting point, he heard two men arguing on the other side of the gate and recognised the voices of the guards he’d had a run-in with earlier.  As if in a grim mirror, Ki-Sai heard, or rather felt, two voices inside himself.  One was dark and angry and wanted revenge on the guards for their earlier humiliation  The other, no less determined to get their own back for the lack of respect shown, was, however, somewhat lighter in tone.  The second presence playfully nudged Ki-Sai forward to pull on a rope that laid teasingly on the ground and snaked beyond the gate.  Reflecting on what Sister Martear had said about The Squire being something of a prankster, the dragonborn gave the rope a yank.  There was an almighty racket of many heavy things falling followed by the guards getting yelled out by a superior.  Smirking to himself, Kit-Sai continued to the inn.

Myran went exploring Harbour Town.  She was mainly focused on searching for some “interesting” items related to the sea and found herself in a particularly shady part of the town.  She was muttering to herself about the capriciousness of spirits when a voice in the shadows agreed with her.  The voice belonged to a large, ragged looking man with an enormous beard who introduced himself as Bracken Lichenbrow, a druid. (edited)
[1:24 PM]
 
They spoke a while about spirits and interesting items and Bracken offered Myran two types of moss.  One he called Troll Moss and the other, that he didn’t give a name for, was another moss deep, blood red in colour. Myran was drawn to the blood moss and Bracken warned her to never use it in the presence of an elf.

Back at the inn, once the party had returned and retired for the night, Yves sat in the common room, drinking his own wine.  He spotted Vincent attempting to sneak out.  He called out to the young man who snapped at the elf to let him leave. Vincent snuck back in the early hours of the morning, this time unseen by anyone.

The party made plans over breakfast.  Thalion, Vincent and Tori would attempt to purchase a horse and cart.  Yves and Myran would visit the docks and Ki-Sai would return to the church to speak with the sister.

Thalion, Vincent and Tori managed to find a cart and a mule,  Tori named the mule “Kickers McHoofenstein” after the mule belonging to a dragonborn that once passed through Havelshire and made a great impression on the young woman.

At the docks Yves and Myran watched ships being dismantled, the materials being sent back to Folkstow to the airship factory. One prominent Mist Haven trading company belonging to Trico Brightsdrake, prince of Karegal, was particularly upset about losing ships.

Ki-Sai returned to the sister who, keeping her word, had found a thin book that she claimed held information about The Squire.  Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately considering the party’s reading curse,  the book contained nothing but cryptic symbols and puzzles.  Ki-Sai thanked the sister gratefully and promised that he would return the book when he next passed this way.

Finally the group were ready to head west towards Ro-Kai-Gan. (edited)
[1:24 PM]
 
Barely a few hours out of Harbour Town their path was blocked by a large fallen tree trunk.  Ki-Sai and Vincent moved the tree with Thalion’s magical aid.  They spotted the unmistakable signs of demons and were preparing to leave with haste when they heard voices calling for help.  Something was trapped in a cave.