Session 10

The following day the party were met by a dwarf who introduced himself as a friend of Thalion's friend.  He had more information for them regarding The Red Dawn opportunity.  The group's leadership consisted of eight individuals, each of which held one of a pair of keys to one of four vaults in the basement of The Bar on Baron, their de facto headquarters.  He had descriptions for five of the eight and knew of two paired keys.  He also described the layout of the bar and Yves and Vincent sketched out a map.  The group decided to head directly to the bar in smaller groups to "case the joint" while Caan went to see if he could find any additional information from his sources.

Yves and Vincent entered first and began to chat with the customers, immediately identifying a couple of those described by the dwarf.  Yves then blagged his way upstairs to find at least one other.

Meanwhile back in the main bar area, Thalion suggested that he and Ki-Sai cause a distraction.  He attempted to challenge the other patrons to fight each of them but the barkeeper put a stop to it, wary of some con.  He challenged them to fight each other and so Thalion said something about Ki-Sai's mother to trigger their mock duel.
[5:10 AM]
 
Thalion surprised everyone, including himself, by nimbly dodging a number of Ki-Sai's swings and grapples.  At one point the ex-solider managed to grab his staff but Thalion snatched it right back.  The audience was starting to grow bored with the lack of any real injury until Thalion unleashed a Thunderwave spell, shoving Ki-Sai backwards and knocking a large brazier off it's concrete stand.  As Ki-Sai and Thalion continued their duel, a man came out to cleanup and repair the brazier.  Myran recognised him as another of the key-holders, Jim Pickett.

Back in the make-shift arena, Ki-Sai was beginning to feel genuinely frustrated at this point and he threw a mug of ale at the young wizard's head.  Thalion responded with a magical flick of the wrist, sending a mote of radiant light at the dragonborn.  The damage was slight but it triggered a voice in Ki-Sai's head, "Insult!  This is an insult!"  Ki-Sai tried to fight down a rising rage within but he failed.  He stepped towards Thalion, drew his sword and struck the wizard a mighty blow that almost killed him outright.

Ki-Sai quickly gained control and watched as the barkeeper produced a potion from behind the bar to attend to Thalion.  At this point a drunken patron knocked over Jim's bag spilling a number of keys onto the ground.  Myran deftly snatched away a key without being spotted.  Emboldened by Myran's audacious action, Vincent managed to secure a key of his own from where he had secretly observed Hartwin Shaw hide it.