Session 33
 Side Shot Two - Session 1

In Karegel, Abraham Kingsley (everyone just calls him Kingsley) found a piece of parchment in his pocket that had not been there before.  It was the finest piece of parchment he had ever found in his pocket. 

“Meet me on the bridge as the shadow passes the second spire.”

How very interesting…

Kingsley arrived at the bridge at the allotted time.  Ahead of him a huge shirtless orc was being detained by one of the guards.  The guard carefully checked some notes before allowing the orc to pass.

Kingsley conjured the illusion of a skittering sound as if some kind of creature had ran closely past the guard.  In his haste to identify the sound the guard slipped and fell over.  Kingsley stepped in to help the guard to his feet.  In reality he was delaying the guard enough to get a good look at the open notebook.

One page gave detailed descriptions of a number of individuals.  Below was a note, apparently from the queen’s advisor, to allow these individuals past the checkpoint.  Kingsley recognised himself as one of the individuals and the shirtless orc as another.  An athletic looking female orc and a smaller human rounded out the guard’s watchlist and they all passed onto the bridge where they were greeted by a mysterious man.

Kingsley recognised several features of the man and pieced together a number of rumours that he’d picked up over several years.  He was sure this was “Ivan”, a man of supposed formidable, if not entirely quantified, skills.  Someone the royal family used as a “solver” of important problems.  Introductions were made.  The big orc called himself Brak “No Shirt” Sunbleach, the human was simply Caan.  He considered giving a surname but decided against it.  The female orc introduced herself as simply Eken. Introductions over, Ivan explained the reason they had all been brought together. (edited)
[11:41 AM]
 
A “royal emissary” had gone missing.  More specifically they had failed to return from a diplomatic mission.  The mission had taken this emissary across the mountains in an airship. Ivan feared that the ship had crashed in the mountains.  Search parties had been sent out to no avail.  The group would be teleported to the furthest extent the search parties had reached and they would continue the search from there.  Suitable motivations (rewards) were offered  and accepted and they entered the magic teleportation circle.

After a little while they spotted rising smoke in the distance which led them to a huge cave with a bonfire in front.  Small figures could be seen just outside the cave mouth.  They decided to make their presence known; they were looking for information after all.  The small figures instantly retreated into the cave.  The group entered the cave calling out their peaceful intentions.

Inside the cave they found some kind of archeological site, exposing a half buried cartwheel and a number of rock carvings.  Caan found an alarming number of traps as they proceeded deeper and deeper into the cave. Inevitably they were ambushed!

Caan recognised their attackers as Kobolds, creatures that were little more than myth to most commonwealth citizens.  Three kobolds approached them, demanding a tribute, while a fourth appeared behind them.  The fourth kobold began to transform into some kind of corrupted dragon creature, complete with wings.  Thick smoke flowed from the creature and it closed to attack, snatching Kinglsey in its grip.

An identical mirror image of the cleric appeared next to Kingsley.  They both flickered and shimmered slightly and they had switched places.  Kingsley ran to take cover between a rock and Eken while Brak and Caan moved to take on the dragon-creature. Eken, meanwhile, engaged the three kobolds.  Two more kobolds appeared from the shadows and surrounded the orc martial artist.

