Session 13

The chaos continued.

Ki-Sai managed to knock one of the guard-knights unconscious.  The barkeeper, suddenly left to face the Dragonborn alone, released his hold on the ex-solider and ran to the other side of the bar away from him.

At the same time Yves was blasting Hartwin as he made his way across the room.  The mercenary wizard was killed before Yves could even close to melee range.  However, the barkeeper and Jim did move in close to attack Yves. At this point the local town guard had arrived and were making their way through the crowds that had started to gather, attracted by the growing fire in the common room from where Myran had upended the brazier. 

Ki-Sai urged Myran to make her escape and he dashed over to smash the distracted Jim on the back of his head with the pommel of his sword and the handyman crumpled to the ground.  Yves knocked down the barkeeper and then caved in his chest with his warhammer.  Inspired by Vincent's earlier deception Ki-Sai told the city guard to take care of his unconscious ex-combatants while he would "chase after the robbers".  The guard was utterly confused by the chaos in front on him and simply took the dragonborn at his word.  Yves and Ki-Sai made their escape around one side of the room while Myran made hers around the other, Yves knocking over an oil lamp on the way causing even more fire. (edited)
[12:40 PM]
 
While all this was going on on the main floor, down in the basement Caan and Thalion stayed out of sight of the female guard-knight while Vincent continued to try and fool her that he was on her side.  His luck finally ran out and she engaged the young fighter, knocking him down.  Thalion then joined the attack, buying Vincent enough time to get back on his feet and make his way to the stairs.  Caan took the opportunity to empty one more vault.

Thalion finished off the guard-knight and he and Vincent dashed up the stairs just as the city guards had entered the central room where the stairs led to.  Vincent lunged at one of the guards attempting to bite him with a pair of long fangs that seemed to grow out of his mouth from nowhere.  Unfortunately, or perhaps fortunately, he missed.

Thalion, in a desperate move, uncorked one of the unidentified bottles that swirled with smoke, thinking it was some kind of potion - Gaseous Form perhaps? Instead he quickly discovered it was an ever-smoking bottle.  He sputtered and coughed and dropped the bottle which erupted thick smoke into the room, obscuring everyone's vision.  The wizard snuck past one of the guards at one door while Vincent stumbled towards the other.

Caan suddenly appeared at the back of the building with Myran, Ki-Sai and Yves.  He managed to disarm a trap guarding the back gate before heading back to cover Thalion and Vincent's retreat.  As Vincent exited the central room he was blocked by one of the city guards.  Without hesitation Caan grabbed one of the scrolls from his recent loot and used it to cast a fireball at the guard!  Behind him, Ki-Sai had slipped a long bow from his back and fired at the guard chasing Thalion.

All of them managed to escape out the back gate while The Bar on Baron was engulfed in flame.  They managed to pass through the crowd mostly unnoticed and headed immediately for the bank vault and the Third Circle's secret entrance.