Session 5

The party tended to Heziik as best they could and then began to examine and search the strange kobold creatures.  Caan shared a little more information on the creatures that he had picked up from his association with the Third Circle.  When he described one particular kobold they had dealt with - a kobold is strange arcane armour - Myran revealed that this sounded exactly like the one she had seen in Havelshire!

They stripped the kobolds of anything valuable, useful or interesting and threw the magic using kobold's body and his strange brazier-on-a-ploe into the back of the caravan, then they continued their journey through the night to Blairwood Holding.  It was the early hours of the morning when they arrived.  Someone else had arrived before them.

Despite the darkness, the official standard of the Midlands could still be seen planted in the courtyard bordered by the various farm buildings with a small number of figures visibly moving around.  They continued forward and as they drew closer they were stopped by a powerful, armed Orc.   They began to introduce and explain themselves but were interupted by a middle-aged woman of confident, almost regal, bearing.  Ki-Sai in particular recognised the woman as Misty Olivier, the former magistrate; someone who had been near the very top of the chain of command during his service.  Misty had come personally in response to the Havelshire's mayor's report on their findings at this Holding at Ki-Sai's request.  Honestly, Ki-Sai was surprised the mayor had been lucid enough to even send it.
[11:56 AM]
 
Misty invited them to sit around the fire and her attendants served them some light refreshments while they began to tell the ex-Magistrate of everything they had encountered there and at Halvelshire, right up to the kobold attack.  Listening in was a pale grey skinned Elf wearing a breastplate with a shield and warhammer both close at hand.  Ki-Sai recognised the crest and markings from briefings. They had been told that if they  encountered anyone with such insignia during a battle they were to be treated as an ally.  Ki-Sai's company had never encountered such.

Misty listened carefully to their report, interrupting occasionally with insightful questions, and did not seem shocked or surprised by any of it.  Although this could be just as easily a consequence of her composure and political experience as any familiarity with these specific events.  Although she did make the occasional criptic comment such as "many players were making their moves".  She did, however, stress the importance of keeping the events and our suspicions to ourselves.  The party were finally allowed to rest for the night.

In the morning Misty told them that Havelshire would be cordoned off, quarantined.  She handed Thalion a large scroll and a box of chalk, and that they should expect a visitor.  He later explained that was a teleportation circle.  They were to repeat their report to this visitor but Misty repeated again her warning not to tell anyone else, with added emphasis/subtle threats. (edited)
[11:56 AM]
 
After Misty left Thalion began work transcribing the teleportation circle using the chalk to copy the scroll onto the ground.  He warned the others that it might take some time so they had to pass their own time. No one was quite sure but Misty had somehow added the Elf, who introduced himself as Yves, to the party. Yves offered a game of Dragonchess and Ki-Sai eagerly took him up on the offer.  They were both skilled but modest but Yves seemed to not be fully present for some reason and Ki-Sai won their first game.  Myran was off wandering around the holding, collecting unusual items as was her wont.  Caan was watching Thalion, offering advice and suddenly the magical circle thrummed into life.  But nothing more happened.  They continued to wait.  Ki-Sai had carved a pair of fairly crude wooden Dragonchess pieces before the figure suddenly materialised in the teleportation circle.

Thalion and Caan recognised the wizard immediately and he introduced himself as Sirus a member of the Third Circle.  He described his organisation as seekers of deeper knowledge of the unverse.  Where there were known to be two cosmic "circles" - the elemental and the celestial - these wizards and scholars proposed the idea of there being a third circle, perhaps even more.  What these circles might contain, or even if they existed at all, was still unknown, but they had encountered a number of anomalies - Sirus called them Aberrants - that did not seem to fit into what was understood about the two known circles. (edited)
[11:56 AM]
 
Sirus seemed convinced that what they had encountered at Havelshire was one of these Aberrants.  Very little was known about them, their powers or origins, but he felt sure that naming an Aberrant gave one power over it.  Or at the very least allowed one to interact with it on this plane.  He explained that he was needed elsewhere to tackle a demon incursion somewhere to the west but he offered the use of the Third Circle's library should they need it.  Otherwise he had very little advice to give the party on how to proceed before he teleported away again.

Seeking some kind of guidance, Myran laid out a number of items on the table in the farmhouse kitchen.  A bird skull, a locket, a large wooden spoon, a stuffed toy bear, a small wooden ring and a coin.  As she performed her ritual the items began to move around the table until they ended up directly opposite each of the party members who had all gathered around to watch. Myran did not reveal if she had gained any useful insight but she did seem somewhat shaken by the strange rite.