Session 21

The storm wyvern was killed on the ground as most of the party focused on that one first.  The second wyvern tried to fly away with Vincent clinging to its back, alternately biting it and stabbing it with his rapier.  The final blow sent the creature into a death spiral with Vincent initially clinging on for his life.  And then something very strange happened…

Vincent had survived but whatever had happened seemed to send him into some kind of depression.  He stood apart from the others while Myran led the harvesting of the wyverns’ bodies.  Ki-Sai explained how the storm wyvern was a curious creature to the dragonborn.  Air elemental dragons, from which the storm wyvern were descended, were not known in the north and yet the storm wyverns themselves were reportedly only seen in the north.

Myran had gathered a collection of interesting things from the wyverns including several vials of blood and a largely complete nervous system!  Between them they had also harvested hide, scales and a wing and a vial of potent poison from the tail stinger.

The party spent the rest of the day looking for a suitable site and made camp.  Without a word Vincent climbed a nearby tree to brood.  Ki-Sai, sympathising with dark inner struggles, quietly sat under the tree in silent support and comradeship.  Hadjar told them his backstory when questioned by Tori.

During the night Vincent smelled smoke that was not coming from their own campfire.  He quietly climbed down the tree and went to investigate.  Ki-Sai was aware of his activity but let him go.  The young man clearly had things to work through.  If he wanted to be alone, so be it, but if not, then then dragonborn would be there for him.
[3:32 AM]
 
Vincent followed the smell to a relatively recent, small camp site not far away. His attention was drawn to a message carved into a piece of wood which was covered with a thin film of ice and frost.  He could not read the writing but recognised it as Draconic so he went for Ki-Sai, forgetting that the dragonborn was one of those who had sworn not to read in case they gave power to the Havelshire Aberrant. But he did explain the permafrost coating as something some blue dragonborn were able to do to preserve items from the environment.

They remembered that Hadjar apparently knew Draconic and so they brought him to read the message.

“Hot on trail.  Thieves ran north. If I die, finish my work.  Tul-”

Ki-Sai remembered a young hotheaded dragonborn at Ro-Kai-Gan who had been bragging about tracking down and returning the stolen artifact as his naming trial.

  -----
In a dark underground passage, Heziik hid behind a pillar, next to Caan.  A dwarven woman with long, slightly greying auburn hair and some wrinkling around her eyes spoke of hallowed ground and last moments.  She asked Caan why he closed the eye that was not covered by his eyepatch…
  -----