Session 14

While in the Third Circle’s secret sanctum, the group took stock of the spoils of their chaotic improvised heist, had them magically identified and spent some time discussing who should have what.  After that was decided, Caan told the group about his earlier research regarding an Aberration worshipping cult.  The last location of this cult had been somewhere in the mountains north of Ro-Kai-Gan. 

Vincent and Caan snuck off on some personal mission, Myran did weird things with weird things and Thalion had a complicated discussion about books and reading.  During his discourse Thalion took out the green book that Myran had found in the house near the crater in Vastille and the note that had been tucked inside fell out.

It turned out that the note was actually a hand drawn street map of somewhere called “The Blue Quarter” with a building highlighted and labelled “The Wriggled Scrawl”.  Caan had heard of the Blue Quarter, the wealthy, noble district of Karegal, a city north-west of Folkstow.  Karegal was known for its silver mines but had recently diversified into a centre of learning.

Now the group had to make a decision: Follow up on the cult lead or investigate the mysterious map connected to the strange green books.  They made a plan.

They would travel to Folkstow via one of the Third Circle’s magical portal paintings.  From there they would go south-west and search for the Aberrant cult among the Ro-Kai-Gan mountains.  Meanwhile, Heziik would use a different portal to go back to Vestille and retrieve his caravan.  He would then travel over land to Karegal where the group hoped to eventually meet up with him again. (edited)
[2:43 AM]
 
It was a simple plan but it had a built-in complication.  Apparently the Duke, a high ranking leader of the previously dominant faction had recently been assassinated in Folkstow, throwing the town into a semi-lawless state with the other factions and gangs fighting to fill the Duke’s place. They consulted with the barmaid at the Pygmy Centaur, who had her finger on the pulse of the town. 

The plan was that Yves would pose as an important noble (not entirely a pose) with an entourage of everyone except Vincent and Caan who would both attempt to follow stealthily at a distance.  They would attempt to exit the town in (mostly) plain sight via one of the main roads and bluster and bluff their way past any checkpoints.

As they headed south Ki-Sai became aware of the road graduating from mud, to brick to fully paved and his gaze was drawn to a large gothic structure, Folkstow’s centre of worship.  As he admired the intricate bas relief carvings of various gods and their activities he became acutely aware of feeling not alone in his own body.  His attention was drawn inexorably to a small unassuming shield sitting apart from the main action.  A symbol adorned the centre of the shield which tugged at his memory. (edited)
[2:43 AM]
 
As the dragonborn pulled his focus back to the group and hurried to catch back up to them, Myran had her own distraction.  Something drew her attention to the shiny metal orb that she had taken from the Vestille mansion that she had only recently performed some strange ritual on using several other Items of Interest™.  Reflected on the surface of the orb she saw a Tiefling, surrounded by flames.  Looking back up she saw the same Tiefling sitting at the side of the road, an impoverished beggar, rejected by Folkstow society due to his fiendish heritage.  There were no flames to be seen yet there they were reflected in the orb.

Thalion quietly suggested they check Ki-Sai’s reflection in the orb. The young wizard had a theory he wanted to test.  Reflected in the orb they saw their stalwart dragonborn companion also surrounded by a plane of rocks and fire, but there were cracks in the molten surface of the ground, from which radiated an ethereal, colourless light.

As Ki-Sai caught up with the party the orb-watchers’ gaze was drawn deeper into the orb’s reflection.  The reflected sky was a mass of writhing clouds uncomfortable to look upon.  Thalion’s consciousness was drawn into cracks forming in the sky in the orb’s reflection.  He saw text floating before him and felt the obsession to keep reading, but it was someone else's obsession, it was Tori’s sister, back at Havelshire…

The orb showed a representation of any otherworldly plane of existence linked to its reflected subject.  Further, it showed the alien Aberration was somehow still connected to them and through it they were still linked to Havelshire and its cursed inhabitants. 