Session 36 

Despite the technology being proprietary and sensitive information, Kadregan directed Thalion to the hexagonal metal airship components.  If they were charged with magic, one side gave off heat that would cause the airship to lift,  The other side radiated cold to balance the heat.  Thalion proceed to mount the device underneath the sled that was being constructed.  The hot side would help simultaneously lighten the load and keep it warm.

Myran and Tori searched the wreckage for food and other useful supplies.  Myran was drawn to a trunk that contained a number of items of women’s clothing, namely a wide-skinned hat and calf-skinned gloves.  She felt enchantments on both, but hid them away before they could be examined further.  They also found a quiver of top quality arrows and a sack of grain.

Vincent and Yves left to scout ahead.  They found three potential routes: A land bridge over a deep crevasse, a frozen lake and a mountain pass with signs of Yetis and other threats.  On the way back to report what they found, Vincent decided to confide in Yves with a huge revelation.

 Vincent’s father had been killed and he was the heir to their house.  He sought justice, and or vengeance.  Possibly both.  They were actually Night Kin but his father had been trying to unite the other Night Kin houses to win their own sovereignty and no longer be used as weapons. 

They came back to the crash site and discussed the different route options.  Every choice had more cons than pros.  Thalion explained how the magic hex might help reinforce the ice below the frozen lake, thus potentially mitigating ice breaking below them and swinging the decision. (edited)
[2:42 PM]
 
Eventually the sled was loaded and the survivors began their journey. By the time they reached the lake it was starting to get dark so they made camp.  They would rest for the night and tackle the lake first thing in the morning.  The first watch passed relatively uneventfully with only a distant gathering of mist to be wary of.  The mist approached closer during the second watch and out of it stepped three figures.  A tall, dark skinned elf with white hair and black beard, a small kobold with ornate armour and what looked like a small azure dragon.

Dragonborn lore told that each element was said to have one dragon to represent it.  The blue dragon represented water and cold, the red dragon represented fire.  The azure dragon was of mind, spirit, celestial power.  The azure dragon was a legend, a myth.

The figures introduced themselves.  The kobold was Caminus, the self-styled smartest kobold in the world. The elf was Njal, a lord of the land they found themselves in. He came to see who this group was and what they wanted. The azure dragon was called Orm.  Luckily Njal was known to Kadregal, and they were friends.  They explained their situation and Njal agreed to escort them through his land.