Session 34
Side Shot Two - Session 2

Somewhere deeper in the cave was a thunderous boom.  Regis Axel Charlemagne was in the building.

The party finished off the last Kobolds, with one of them escaping into a secret entrance.

They met the bard, Charlemagne, and introductions were made.  The bard had been travelling with a carvan across the mountains when they had been ambushed by the Kobold and Regis was the last survivor.  He explained that he had been search for a cave, legendary to bards.  He described it as some kind of giant musical instrument carved out of the living mountain.  If you could find this place, and stand in the right place at the right time, the music heard would inspire you for life.

They quickly searched the area in case there were any clues to the airship/diplomat.  Brak and Regis smashed open some chests.  They found some coins, scrolls and a bag of dust that caused uncontrolable sneezing and choking.

Kingsley found a book of notes and maps clearly left by archeologists who had been studying this cave a long time ago.  Most of the writing was faded and the book had obviously not been valued or preserved by the Kobolds.  There was a map of an intricate system of caves and tunnels behind a semi-hidden entrance nearby.  Next to the book was a box that contained a stone covered in strangely illustrative, almost illusory script.  Kinglsey had heard enough stories and there was enough still readable in the notes to be confident that this was a Precusor artifact!

Finding nothing to help with their mission the group headed back out the way they had entered.  The way out was lined with frost and snow.  A blizzard raged outside and they remembered the words of warning of Ivan.

"Avoid blizzards." (edited)
[12:58 PM]
  
Skeptical they tested the blizzard against fire both mundane and sacred.  While the blizzard seemed to almost cover away from the sacred flame for a short time it did eventually creep back again.  The party felt growing anxiety, anger and resentment as they discussed their best course of action.

Kinglsey managed to pursuade the group to follow the map he found and seek an alternative exit through the Precursor caves.  In truth he was as curious to explore and find out more about the almst mythical Precursors.

They entered the caves.  The tunnels and rooms appeared to be a mixture of natural and worked stone.  Motifs of odd, elongated skulls ran along the tops of the walls.  After some time they found themselves in a large room with three exits.  Any time anyone tried to approach the furthest exit they were found themselves teleported to somewhere else in the same room.

Through a lot of trial and error and a little cheating, the group solved the room puzzle and followed the corridor to a room of smooth, bright white, marble-like stone.  Set in the centre of a recess in the floor and surrounded by water was a large stone orb, ringed with brass and bronze.  The water was warmed by some inner source of heat in the base of the orb. Small grates sat in the floor beneath the shallow water.
[12:58 PM]
 
Moving deeper into the cave system they found a dining room.  Water flowed below more grates in the floor.  Carved into the table was the image of tree unlike any trees they had seen before.  A tree that matched a staute they had found near the entrance to this area.  Empty bowls sat in front of each of the chairs.  One bowl was missing with shards of pottery in one corner.  Something had happened here and the group had the eerie feeling that this dining room had only been used once.

Deeper they went.  Steep staircases led down and they passed through a large space filled with signs of Kobolds.  Eventually they found themselves in a room with four columns in the centre and five statues set in alcoves in the walls.  The staues were long limbed, skeletal, hooded.  Each held four hands in front of them as if they had been holding something.  Were these Precursors!?  To the north of this chamber on the archaeologists' map was a large question mark... 