Session 31


The group listened to the orc discussing their political position.  Thalion raised the idea of the orcs taking over the old cultist ruins as a show of political presence and strength.  This wasn’t exactly orc style but they did give the idea serious consideration.

While they discussed politics, Myran was drawn to one particular orc and offered him a drink “for his temper”.  Despite the apparent insult, orcs respect directness and honesty and he accepted the drink.  Almost instantly the orc had an overwhelming urge to relieve himself and quickly left the room. A female orc had been watching the exchange and cast a spell to detect magic.  Her hunch paid off and identified Myran’s drink as a cursed potion.

To everyone’s surprise Yves reveals the Havelshire curse affecting his companions and tells them of the Aberrant mimic in the mountains.  The orcs were aware of the concept of Aberrants but had very little knowledge or direct experience to share on the subject

When they told the orcs they were heading east to Karegel, the orcs made them an offer.  They could arrange for the party to take an airship to Karegel if they could speak to Lord Kadgergan’s wife, Evangeline, on their behalf.
[11:19 AM]
 
The meeting started to break up and Vincent left early.  He visited the public baths to cleanse himself of the journey and the battle on the road.  Afterwards he shopped for some new clothes and armour.

Ki-Sai took the opportunity to enquire after U-Sol, the one-eyed wandering Dragonborn from his vision.  U-Sol had indeed passed through Rux-Ogar a long time ago but he had left a number of prophecies behind.  One of them was decorated by the scrawled image of a shield that bore enough of a resemblance to the shield “Baldwin’s Concussive Riposte” that Ki-Sai now wielded that the orc barely hesitated in handing over the prophesy.

“Lost travellers find haven inside the mist.”

After the meeting the party were given rooms for the night in simple yet comfortable barracks of hammocks.  Myran spent time experimenting with combining more of her collected interesting items.

Thalion went shopping for writing supplies now he had a way to suppress the reading curse.  He was approached by an orc called Bloodfang, who confessed to being the one hired to burn down Thalion’s family’s shop.

In the morning the huge flagship of Karegel arrived with two smaller airships and a number of Wyvern rider escorts.  Lord Kadregan spoke with the orcs for a while before the party were invited aboard and they took off to go back to Karegel.

The group enjoyed a pleasant few relaxed hours before the sky darkened, the clouds thickened and a freezing cold snowstorm surrounded the airship.  An alarm was raised. 

“Everyone below deck!  It’s coming!  This is no storm, this is a demon!”