Session 12

Caan threw open one of the side doors and tossed a dagger at the guard by the door opposite then ducked to the side leaving Thalion and Yves to face the guard inside the central room.

Ki-Sai charged behind the bar and unleashed a spray of cold dragonbreath on Jim, the barkeeper and one of the heavily armed guards.  Then the two spear-wielding guards from outside the front door rushed in to join the retaliation against the dragonborn. With Myran’s backline support Ki-Sai held the line as he had been trained to do, despite being grappled by the barkeeper.

Vincent tried to delay Gadren, Felis and Hartwin with an intricate web of deceit but could not hold them back forever.  Eventually they came downstairs to join in the melee.  By this time Thalion and Yves had been backed down the stairs and were trapped with the large double doors to the vaults at their back.  Caan and Vincent relayed to them the various keys the group had collected. Yves pressed forward clearing the stairwell and Caan joined Thalion, quickly unlocking the door and the two of them entered the vault room. (edited)
[2:56 AM]
 
Meanwhile Ki-Sai was still surrounded by a pack of guards, the barkeeper still grappling him tightly and he was still, miraculously, standing, in no small part thanks to Myran’s strange and subtle magic. Yves engaged the half-orc while Vincent darted around them assisting where he could.  He managed to persuade the second heavily armoured guard that Gadren had betrayed the Red Dawn and she rushed to flank the half-orc giving Yves unexpected support.  Below them Caan and Thalion were exploring the vaults.

When the half-orc decided to retreat, the guard that had been persuaded to engage him noticed the open doors to the vault area and went to investigate.  Vincent followed and again managed to talk her round to leave before she discovered Thalion and Caan.  Upstairs Myran had taken more direct action and had used her walking staff to leverage off one of the braziers distracting the remaining spear guard who had been stabbing at Ki-Sai from the other side of the bar counter.