 Session 24 

The party had a brief discussion about their route.  They could head back down the valley and resume their previous path towards the Old Mines and then on to the cult’s last known location or they could cut over the mountain range.  Crossing the mountains was going to be faster but more dangerous but was chosen unanimously.

After a time Yves became aware of something.  After some investigation he found a strange tunnel in the side of a cliff lined with odd spikes.  A tunnel that headed in the direction they wished to go.  He was somehow reminded of some obscure story regarding two adventurers in the desert who encountered a Fey with demi-godlike powers.  The creature caused a mass of spiky protrusions like cancerous growths.  The story told that the wizard adventurer was able to defeat the creature using an unusual method but it did not elaborate. 

The group tentatively entered the tunnel.  At the other side they found a forested area seeped in a deeply unpleasant smell and filled with massive spikey growths erupting from the ground, many of which towered above the trees.  The spikes themselves appeared to all be made from a vast array of different materials.  One looked like it was made from marble from a distance but was unmistakable bone when seen from closer range.  Another spike looked to be made from bark.  Myran took out her dimension viewing orb and studied the spikes’ reflections in it. When reflected in the orb’s surface the spikes appeared to be lined with pulsing, throbbing veins.

The spikes were fairly spread out at the edge but gradually increased in density towards some focal point.  They assumed this centre point was likely to be the old cultist site.  Vincent took point and began to lead them towards the centre and Tori joined him.  After a little while Tori yelped in surprise when she suddenly noticed a much smaller spike apparently made out of stone.  The party filed carefully past until Myran passed the small spike and felt it shudder.  She thought she also saw it grow ever so slightly.

Myran bent down and picked up a small rock from the ground that seemed to match the material of the small spike.  Then without warning she tossed the rock at the rock spike!  Thankfully nothing happened.  Inspired, Thalion stepped forward and poured some water from his water-skin onto the spike.  As the water ran down the spike’s surface it began to change from stone into water.  Gradually the whole thing appeared to be made entirely out of some kind of gelatinous water and swayed slightly in the breeze.
[10:51 AM]
 
Suddenly the watery tentacle lashed out at Thalion barely missing the young wizard.  Ki-Sai reacted quickly.  In one smooth, swift movement he lunged forward, drew his sword and slashed at the animated spike of water.  Almost instantly the spike turned into metal, starting at the point of impact and spread it’s entire length.

The party cautiously resumed their trek towards the dense mass of spikes at the heart of whatever this was. Towards the centre the trees thinned out as the spikes grew more numerous.  There was a greater range of size as well as materials here.  They spotted some spikes that seemed to be made from brick, some from cobblestones, some from roof tiles and then they spotted the dilapidated ruins of a fortress of some kind.

Over the fortress hung what appeared to be a large white cloud.  Spikes stretched down from this cloud towards the ground, swirling and shifting between countless materials and elements. As the group approached they could feel a deep subsonic growl from within the cloud and one spike shot out and crashed in their midst.

Vincent immediately dashed south, towards the fortress, no doubt seeking cover from the unexpected, unexplainable attack.  Yves cast magical invisibility on himself and Ki-Sai, his closer ally.  The others try to fight back but the attacking spike only took the form of whatever they attacked it with.  And then more spikes shot out from the first spike.  At one point someone hit one of the spikes with fire.  The spike burned intensely for a moment but then seemed to burn itself out as it consumed itself as fuel… (edited)
May 20, 2025
