Session 9

The party discussed their plans and had almost agreed to head to the Third Circle's property and continue their quest when Tori spoke out.  She told them in no uncertain terms that she was not going to miss out on a serious shopping trip in a big city.  So that's what they did.  Caan had his own business.

After some time browsing the variety of stalls and shops available with the whole party, Myran began to head towards the Old Town.  Old Town had recently suffered some kind of explosion and there were a noticeable number of city watch in the area.  Ki-Sai decided to follow Myran in case there was any trouble.

Myran met an old woman tidying up her garden not far from people queuing for food.  The woman, Mrs Thedger, offered them both a cup of tea and Myran happily accepted.  When the woman went inside to prepare the beverages Myran made a beeline for a small clump of flowers and careful picked out a stone with her usual random specificity.  The woman brought out the tea and they spent a somewhat surreal moment sipping tea and gossiping in a garden in sight of the epicentre of an explosion.

After they had finished they bid Mrs Thedger farewell and Myran headed off towards the large house nearest to the blast site.  Myran sprang over a surrounding wall with surprising ease.  Ki-Sai attempt to follow, slipped on a loose stone and fell clattering back into an adjoining garden.  The garden's owner exited their house and confronted Ki-Sai.  The dragonborn acted as a drunken reveller who had lost his way from the festiities in the main city.  He needn't have worried as the occupant was drunker then he pretended to be and soon lost interest as he began to argue with, presumably, his wife back in the house.  Ki-Sai took the opportunity to vault over the wall to re-join Myran. (edited)
[12:00 PM]
 
The house was the largest in the Old Town district.  Hallways were lined with empty display cabinets, their contents packed into a collectin of large crates in the central main room.  Myran and Ki-Sai climbed into the house.  There were several closed doors leaning off the hallway.  The furthest door was hanging open and they entered.  The room was some kind of study with a large desk, more display cases and bookshelves and a large chest.  On top of the chest were piled books and a number of items, seemingly ready to be packed away.

Myran looked through the items while Ki-Sai cut off a good piece of wood from an otherwise rotting wooden support.  On closer inspection the wood was engraved with faded runes.  Myran had taken a metal orb from among the items and was looking through the books for a gift for Caan.  Against all expectations and odds she spotted a book that was familar.  It was a copy of the mysterious green book that they had found in Havelshire, the same book that had led Caan and Thalion to join Heziik's delivery to the cursed town in the first place.  Myran grabbed the book and a sheet of parcement slipped out from it's pages.  Ki-Sai snatched it up and pushed in back inside the book just as they heard several city watch enter the house, alerted to their sounds. They managed to escape the house and returned to the main city.

Meanwhile, Thalion, Vincent and Tori found an interesting magic shop piled up with a vast range of miscellaneous items.  They had each had a thorough browse of the stock and each found a number of items that interested them.  Thalion was haggling with the shopkeeper while, unknown to him, Vincent was attempting to apply the five-finger discount and slip a couple of items into his bag.
[12:00 PM]
 
Before the shopkeeper could spot Vincent a stranger interposed himself between them.  He indicated very clearly that he knew what Vincent was doing and that he would have been caught if not for him.  He then greeted Thalion warmly.  It turned out that they were old friends.  He told Thalion that he had an interesting proposition for him. 

While all this was happening, Yvess in the wealthy part of the city visiting another potential political ally.  Antonette Willowbrook of House Eragis granted the elf an audience.  Antonette told yves of rumours of a near legendary spawn of fey and moon elves known as a Night Kin.  Antonette had only ever heard of Night Kin being involved with events of great importance to the elves and were thought of as a bad omen.

Later, back at the Quill and Quench, Thalion's friend told them that he had an opportunity to avenge som wrong done to him by a ground of mercenaries known as The Red Dawn.  Ki-Sai had also heard of this group.  Originally part of the Commonwealth navy, they defected to become pirates during the dragon war.  They were later legitimised somewhat as privateers for the Commonwealth.  After the war they formed themselves into a mercenary company of not insignificant power and political influence.  Thalion's friend had information that would help to steal from the secure vaults within their own headquarters.  He promised more information once the party agreed to help.  They did.

Myran cast another divination using wisdom teeth and bones.  The teeth formed a line pointing at Yves and the bird skull faced Vincent.