Session 15

Ki-Sai caught up with the rest of the group and noticed Myran and Thalion gazing at the orb.  He leaned in to see what they were looking at.  The dragonborn saw something very different from either of them.

While the orb itself was smooth, the images he saw reflected in its surface were fragmented and fractured as though the orb itself was cracked.  At first he seemed to be seeing through the eyes of someone working in a field.  In the far distance they saw the approach of a large force.  Then the vision switched to that of someone working hammer against stone, the handle worn and their hands bleeding.  They were surrounded by tentacle-like, impossibly winding staircases and bookcases.  Back at the field the army kept coming.  Then he heard chanting, humming, singing, all mixing in with disturbing sounds of carnal acts.  He felt fear and unease and then the vision switched again.  The army was gone.  And then Ki-Sai’s sight returned to Folkstow.

He placed a massive blue hand gently over the orb.  “You should put this away for now,” he suggested to Myran politely.  Myran looked up from the orb, thought for a moment and then nodded in agreement.  She carefully wrapped the orb and placed it in one of her bags. (edited)
[7:29 AM]
 
During all this orb-gazing Yves had been thinking over the information he’d learned about the Night Kin from the Third Circle sages.  Once the others regained their focus, so did he and they continued forward towards the southern exit on Folkstow’s main road.

At the checkpoint there was a queue of citizens being given the once-over by a bunch of “guards” (basically thugs). As they approached they were passed by a merchant riding a panther.  The merchant went straight to the front of the queue, spoke briefly with the guards and was let through without any fuss.  Yves nodded to the others to follow his lead and he walked straight to the exit.

They were stopped by a big man with a badly trimmed pencil-thin mustache that did not suit him in the least.  Yves launched into an eloquent description of why he was important and needed to be let through.  The big man didn’t seem to be entirely convinced until Thalion handed him ten pieces of silver.  Very soon after that the group had left Folkstow and were discussing which way they should go while they waited for Caan and Vincent to catch up with them.  Caan and Vincent, however, were having a more difficult time leaving.
[7:29 AM]
 
They tried to sneak past the guards as had been the plan, but their stealth mission became an escape as the alerted guards chased after them.  Vincent climbed some scaffolding and ran along the top of a high wall.  As the guards closed in he stepped off the edge and walked down its vertical surface, to everyone’s astonishment. Taking advantage of the confusion he hastily left Folkstow to join his companions.  Caan, however, took a different approach.

He recognised one of the thuggish guards who had had dealings with the gangs in the past.  He dropped Misty’s name, insinuating he was working for her and the guard let Caan lightly injure him to cover his "escape". Caan reached out with his mind to inform Vincent that he was heading back to the Pygmy Centaur and from there he would go back to Vestille and travel with Heziik. He insisted that the party should continue without him and he would catch up with them at some point in the future.  The party regretfully did indeed continue without him.

They decided to travel south to Harbour Town then west to Ro-Kai-Gan by road and venture into the mountains from there.  It took several days to reach Harbour Town.  Once there Yves sought out one of many small shrines used by sailors.  He told the group that he was searching for who caused the sinking of his sister’s ship and hoped to find answers from the gods.  He found a shrine to “The Tempest” and spoke with the priest there.

Ki-Sai also wanted to seek help from Harbour Town’s shared temple.  On the way he had a run in with a pair of guards cruelly mishandling an old woman beggar.  The woman managed to escape their torment and the dragonborn nearly came to blows with the guards but the conflict was avoided and Ki-Sai continued on his way. The old woman appeared again to thank him for his help.  They spoke a little while and “Lilly”, as she was known, recommended he spoke to Sister Martear at the temple.  Ki-Sai slipped her two silver coins and wished her well.