Session 23

The party was spread out when the fiends reached them.  Roughly a third of them were oversized bugs with the rest being corrupted hounds. Ki-Sai and Hadjar each stood their ground against one of each creature at either end of the ridge.  Tori and Myran supported from the backline as usual.  Myran directed her spirit magic to help her allies while Tori freed the dragonborn, Tul, who had been chained to the tree by the bandits.

The fiends hit hard, each bite burned with demon fire, but the group held their nerve and coordinated their defence and eventually killed all the fell creatures.  They had barely caught their breath when they noticed another band of the creatures heading towards them in the distance.

Yves and Vincent half-carried, half-dragged the unconscious tiefling over the ridge and back towards the relative safety of the valley.  Hadjar, Myran, Tori and Tul escorted the Tricorn-hatted bandit while Ki-Sai watched Thalion’s back as the young wizard hastily searched the body of the bandits’ own spellcaster.  He detected magic in three items, his mask, staff and boots, all of which he took.  Thalion seemed to be looking for something more when Tori called over that she had already taken his bag so they hurried to join the others in their tactical retreat.

They continued to flee along the valley for a while, eventually slowing down when they felt sufficient distance between them and the fiends.  They began to actively search for a secure campsite, unexpectedly guided around the swampland by Tricorn.  Vincent noticed Tricorn often glancing furtively towards a nearby hill and began questioning her.
[3:32 AM]
 
Tricorn eventually succumbed to the party’s combined interrogation and led them to an abandoned bear cave in which the bandits had hidden the stolen Frostblade. Tul was overjoyed at finally recovering the dragonborn artifact and thanked the party greatly.  Ki-Sai inquired if the young dragonborn had chosen a name he wished to take after his successful, self-appointed trial.  Tul had not set his sights on anything specific, unlike Lia-Kai, but he did admit that he felt Tul-Ri might be appropriate.  Ri meant lucky, bold, or even “luck of the bold” - dragonborn names were more about interpretation than direct translation.  They decided to make camp in the cave.  They were unlikely to find another location as sheltered or defensible as this.

They were all too exhausted to interrogate their prisoners further that evening.  Thalion spent a short time studying his spellbook, as long as he dared, before turning his attention to the items he had taken from the bandit spellcaster.  The only item of note in the bag was a scrawled map which Yves, Vincent and Hadjar studied.

They cross referenced the wizard’s map with the map Yves had pieced together from information gathered in Ro-Kai-Gan.  One area was circled and marked as extremely dangerous. On the back of the map was an unusual script that Hadjar recognised as Thieves' Cant - a coded language used by the more shady sections of society and one which was rarely written down.  It seemed to be some kind of contract:  A breakdown of various monetary rewards for specific information to be recorded on the map.

Thalion tentatively placed the strange mask on his face and almost instantly whispering voices began to pour into his brain.  He picked up the disturbingly organic looking staff.  It looked almost like it had once been some kind of creature, but it was covered in teeth along its length.  As his hand closed around the sinister staff the mask’s whispering grew louder and more focused.
[3:33 AM]
 
Suddenly he knew a spell that could identify the exact magical properties of an item.  He cast the spell on the bandit’s magical boots and had the vision of the wearer stepping through solid walls like a phantom. The staff, he now understood, worked in conjunction with the mask and could give him the knowledge of seemingly any magic spell [1st and 2nd level] but he could already feel the tug of madness from the mask whenever he used its power.  He offered the boots to Myran.

In the morning, the party began to interrogate the bandit prisoners.  The tiefling proved the most defiant.  They could get nothing from her and eventually Ki-Sai punched her in the face, knocking her unconscious again before she could persuade the seemingly more open Tricorn to clam up. The party took turns questioning Tricorn - who called herself Francia - as they gradually learned their story.

The magic user and former mask owner had been sent as part of a group by someone to investigate the cave that the Aberrant Cult had once occupied.  Mask had been the sole survivor and the experience changed him deeply. He had described the cave as long abandoned by the cult themselves but still full of items and monsters. Hadjar asked about a Beast of the Elements, but Francia knew nothing specifically about it.  Francia told them that it had been Mask that had persuaded the bandits to steal the Frostblade from Ro-Kai-Gan, not knowing its importance. 

Tul was keen for them to be returned to the dragonborn city to face justice but the party offered them an alternative.  Francia and the tielfing - whose name was Sly - could accompany them to this cave.  They had already scouted much of the mountain region and could help fight any of the monsters they might find.  Eventually they agreed.  Tul was frustrated but he did not press the matter due to the fact that he would not have recovered the Frostblade without their help. (edited)
May 14, 2025
