Session 8

Thalion and Myran had taken their turns to sit quietly and watch Ki-Sai, oblivious to his internal battle.  Myran was trying various of her objects in the hope they might help until she once again tipped out her curated jar of wisdom teeth onto Ki-Sai's chest.  The same wisdom teeth that had helped stabilise him after the demon's near-fatal strike.  The same wisdom teeth that had foretold of a fate for one of them.

Many cultures associate wisdom teeth with maturity and the passing into adulthood and all the rites of passage connected with it.  Such was the effect it had on Ki-Sai's subconscious.  His mind flashed back to his coming of age trials...

The trials were a series of physical and mental challenges to test the young dragonborn and to both prepare them for their part in the war as a sort of pre-basic training, and also a pseudo-selection test to help decide their adult role, speciality and sometimes even rank.  The young Ki was naturally gifted physically - his first namepart, "Ki", actually meant "big" or "strong" and it was well chosen - and he exceled in most of the trials.  He was leading his peers by some margin when he stopped to help a wounded friend. This action cost him his victory but earned him his second namepart, "Sai", meaning "loyal"...
[6:13 AM]
 
Ki-Sai's battling emotions started to fade and the swirling sensations he felt began to form into a vision in his mind's eye.  He was standing on a vast, ever-changing field.  Before him stood two beings.  He could not make out any details, just vague concepts.  One being was dark, one light:  One hot, the other cold.

Suddenly he noticed a third figure.  It resolved into a dragonborn, laying on the ground between the first two beings, holding out a hand, clearly asking for help.  The sacrifice of his trials was still fresh in his mind and so he reached out to take hold of the dragonborn's hand and he pulled.  He pulled the figure to safety just as the being of darkness lunged forward and knocked Ki-Sai back.

And then another new presence was felt.  Ki-Sai knew this to be the Great Dragon though he couldn't say how he knew.  Bolstered by the presence of the primogenitor of all blue dragonborn Ki-Sai found his sword was in his hand and he stepped forward to join the light being who was now attacking the being of darkness. 

And then there was just one figure standing before Ki-Sai.  An older dragonborn with a patch over one eye.

"Come find me," he said.  And Ki-Sai woke up.
[6:13 AM]
 
Back at the camp Caan had woken early and headed into the town.  Vincent headed to the lake on some private mission where he met Tori and they shared an awkward conversation before Vincent entered the lake. The lake was said to have been formed in the crater of a meteorite and at the bottom of the lake Vincent found a rock marked with runes.

Not long after Ki-Sai and Thalion also arrived at the lake.  Ki-Sai removed his armour and entered the chill water, basking in his people's element, hoping to calm his confused thoughts and feelings.  But no peace came. Then he felt the ominous presence of the dark being from his fever dream.  The darkness beckoned to him.  Ki-Sai cried out, "no!" and scrambled out of the water.

The party left Padith's Pond and eventually arrived at Vestille where they were greeted by some kind of carnival in the streets. While they discussed where they should head first, Caan revealed a strange coin that he said would lead them to a contact, or lead the contact to them.  Incredibly, Vincent produced the same coin  and described the same contact.  The party soon met with the this contact, a man named Shazar.  Caan and Shazar had an odd conversation where Shazar often referred to himself in the third person before he offered to take the party to some mysterious location.