Session 2

A priest, a paladin and a Red Dragonborn walked into a bar...

The Red Dragonborn, Tan Yun, was, allegedly, taking part in some kind of experimental redemption program, sponsored by Fernan Wrest, priest of Loreon and watched and protected by Crade Barron.  The trio had been travelling across the Commonwealth doing good deeds and other reparations in an attempt to atone and spread some good, positive feelings about Red Dragonborn - "maybe they aren't all bad after all...".

One of the customers of the inn introduced himself to the group as Sam Perrel and managed to convince them to allow him to travel with them to Havelshire.  He was returning to his home after some time away.

Meanwhile, back in Havelshire, our first group had begun to rise and roam the almost eerily quiet streets of the small town.  Ki-Sai caught sight of several townsfolk carry materials into the central round building and he wandered in to observe.  After exchanging small pleasantries with Cristof Grumm, he learned that they were working on the renovations that the mayor had eluded to the day before.

The current plan was to convert the unusual building to what Cristof called a "learning centre". This was not, however, the first plan for the building.  That was to build some kind of fighting pit or arena to, apparently, fight Orcs.  Both plans seemingly were attempting to serve a similar goal, which was, essentially, to encourage tourism.  Cristof and his workmates were currently working on removing the original stone flooring to be replaced with wood.  Ki-Sai noticed the stonework had been intricately decorated.  It was old and worn but it most certainly looked like some kind of language had been written on the stones; unfortunately a language unknown to him.
  (edited)
[12:05 PM]
The group slowly found themselves all back together at the small market/town square area, enjoying the available breakfast when the four travellers arrived at the town.  It did not take long for word of their unusual member to spread around the small town and surprisingly quickly a crowd had gathered.  A crowd that was growing increasingly uneasy, even hostile. The priest and the paladin spoke to the crowd and between them and the mayor they managed to calm things down to a simmering animosity, Ki-Sai, particularly disturbed by this new arrival.

While most of the town were occupied watching or talking about Tan Yun, Thalion and Caan snuck off to do a little investigating of the "Colosseum" themselves.  Between them they theorised that the building had once formed some kind of teleportation circle. 

As all this was going on Sam Perrel had been attempting to mingle with old acquaintances with odd, mixed results.  It seemed as though most people could hardly remember him, if at all.  Caan and Thalion observed this and grew even more suspicious of the strange town.  Sam revealed to the group that his old house was still empty near the centre of town and offered for the group to stay under his roof.  As they approached they discovered a second abandoned house nearby and decided to split them between the growing party of nine.

During the early evening Tan Yun had also visited the "Colosseum" where he awkwardly happened upon Myran, herself curious about the town's focal point.  Tan Yun revealed to Myran that he believed there was some powerful mental enchantment affecting the town.  As they headed back to their temporary accommodation an alarm was raised.

"Demon!" (edited)

1
November 5, 2024
